table_name,field_name,field_value,language,translation
stop_times,stop_headsign,青森駅②のりば,en,Aomori Sta.②
routes,route_short_name,青森駅②のりば,en,Aomori Sta.②
stop_times,stop_headsign,青森駅②のりば,ja,青森駅②のりば
routes,route_short_name,青森駅②のりば,ja,青森駅②のりば
stop_times,stop_headsign,青森駅③のりば,en,Aomori Sta.③
routes,route_short_name,青森駅③のりば,en,Aomori Sta.③
stop_times,stop_headsign,青森駅③のりば,ja,青森駅③のりば
routes,route_short_name,青森駅③のりば,ja,青森駅③のりば
stop_times,stop_headsign,青森駅④のりば,en,Aomori Sta.④
routes,route_short_name,青森駅④のりば,en,Aomori Sta.④
stop_times,stop_headsign,青森駅④のりば,ja,青森駅④のりば
routes,route_short_name,青森駅④のりば,ja,青森駅④のりば
stop_times,stop_headsign,青森駅⑥のりば,en,Aomori Sta.⑥
routes,route_short_name,青森駅⑥のりば,en,Aomori Sta.⑥
stop_times,stop_headsign,青森駅⑥のりば,ja,青森駅⑥のりば
routes,route_short_name,青森駅⑥のりば,ja,青森駅⑥のりば
stop_times,stop_headsign,青森駅（降車専用）,en,Aomori Sta.(drop off only)
routes,route_short_name,青森駅（降車専用）,en,Aomori Sta.(drop off only)
stop_times,stop_headsign,青森駅（降車専用）,ja,青森駅（降車専用）
routes,route_short_name,青森駅（降車専用）,ja,青森駅（降車専用）
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川①のりば,en,furukawa①
routes,route_short_name,古川①のりば,en,furukawa①
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川①のりば,ja,古川①のりば
routes,route_short_name,古川①のりば,ja,古川①のりば
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川②のりば,en,furukawa②
routes,route_short_name,古川②のりば,en,furukawa②
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川②のりば,ja,古川②のりば
routes,route_short_name,古川②のりば,ja,古川②のりば
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川③のりば,en,furukawa③
routes,route_short_name,古川③のりば,en,furukawa③
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川③のりば,ja,古川③のりば
routes,route_short_name,古川③のりば,ja,古川③のりば
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川④のりば,en,furukawa④
routes,route_short_name,古川④のりば,en,furukawa④
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川④のりば,ja,古川④のりば
routes,route_short_name,古川④のりば,ja,古川④のりば
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川⑤のりば,en,furukawa⑤
routes,route_short_name,古川⑤のりば,en,furukawa⑤
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川⑤のりば,ja,古川⑤のりば
routes,route_short_name,古川⑤のりば,ja,古川⑤のりば
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川⑥のりば,en,furukawa⑥
routes,route_short_name,古川⑥のりば,en,furukawa⑥
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川⑥のりば,ja,古川⑥のりば
routes,route_short_name,古川⑥のりば,ja,古川⑥のりば
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川⑧のりば,en,furukawa⑧
routes,route_short_name,古川⑧のりば,en,furukawa⑧
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川⑧のりば,ja,古川⑧のりば
routes,route_short_name,古川⑧のりば,ja,古川⑧のりば
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川⑨のりば,en,furukawa⑨
routes,route_short_name,古川⑨のりば,en,furukawa⑨
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川⑨のりば,ja,古川⑨のりば
routes,route_short_name,古川⑨のりば,ja,古川⑨のりば
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川（降車専用）,en,furukawa(drop off only)
routes,route_short_name,古川（降車専用）,en,furukawa(drop off only)
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川（降車専用）,ja,古川（降車専用）
routes,route_short_name,古川（降車専用）,ja,古川（降車専用）
stop_times,stop_headsign,八甲田大橋,en,Hakkoda Ohashi
routes,route_short_name,八甲田大橋,en,Hakkoda Ohashi
stop_times,stop_headsign,八甲田大橋,ja,八甲田大橋
routes,route_short_name,八甲田大橋,ja,八甲田大橋
stop_times,stop_headsign,イトーヨーカドー,en,Ito Yokado
routes,route_short_name,イトーヨーカドー,en,Ito Yokado
stop_times,stop_headsign,イトーヨーカドー,ja,イトーヨーカドー
routes,route_short_name,イトーヨーカドー,ja,イトーヨーカドー
stop_times,stop_headsign,里見,en,Satomi
routes,route_short_name,里見,en,Satomi
stop_times,stop_headsign,里見,ja,里見
routes,route_short_name,里見,ja,里見
stop_times,stop_headsign,明の星高校,en,Akenohoshi Koko
routes,route_short_name,明の星高校,en,Akenohoshi Koko
stop_times,stop_headsign,明の星高校,ja,明の星高校
routes,route_short_name,明の星高校,ja,明の星高校
stop_times,stop_headsign,浜館,en,Hamadate
routes,route_short_name,浜館,en,Hamadate
stop_times,stop_headsign,浜館,ja,浜館
routes,route_short_name,浜館,ja,浜館
stop_times,stop_headsign,経由,en,Via
routes,route_short_name,経由,en,Via
stop_times,stop_headsign,経由,ja,経由
routes,route_short_name,経由,ja,経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,小柳団地,en,Koyanagi Danchi
routes,route_short_name,小柳団地,en,Koyanagi Danchi
stop_times,stop_headsign,小柳団地,ja,小柳団地
routes,route_short_name,小柳団地,ja,小柳団地
stop_times,stop_headsign,ガーラタウン,en,GALATOWN
routes,route_short_name,ガーラタウン,en,GALATOWN
stop_times,stop_headsign,ガーラタウン,ja,ガーラタウン
routes,route_short_name,ガーラタウン,ja,ガーラタウン
stop_times,stop_headsign,公立大学,en,Koritsu Daigaku
routes,route_short_name,公立大学,en,Koritsu Daigaku
stop_times,stop_headsign,公立大学,ja,公立大学
routes,route_short_name,公立大学,ja,公立大学
stop_times,stop_headsign,奥内,en,Okunai
routes,route_short_name,奥内,en,Okunai
stop_times,stop_headsign,奥内,ja,奥内
routes,route_short_name,奥内,ja,奥内
stop_times,stop_headsign,沢田橋経由,en,Via Sawada Bashi
routes,route_short_name,沢田橋経由,en,Via Sawada Bashi
stop_times,stop_headsign,沢田橋経由,ja,沢田橋経由
routes,route_short_name,沢田橋経由,ja,沢田橋経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,東高校前経由,en,Via Higashi Koko Mae
routes,route_short_name,東高校前経由,en,Via Higashi Koko Mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,東高校前経由,ja,東高校前経由
routes,route_short_name,東高校前経由,ja,東高校前経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,ガーラタウン前経由,en,Via GALATOWN Mae
routes,route_short_name,ガーラタウン前経由,en,Via GALATOWN Mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,ガーラタウン前経由,ja,ガーラタウン前経由
routes,route_short_name,ガーラタウン前経由,ja,ガーラタウン前経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,牛館経由,en,Via Ushidate
routes,route_short_name,牛館経由,en,Via Ushidate
stop_times,stop_headsign,牛館経由,ja,牛館経由
routes,route_short_name,牛館経由,ja,牛館経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,臨時運行,en,relief service
routes,route_short_name,臨時運行,en,relief service
stop_times,stop_headsign,臨時運行,ja,臨時運行
routes,route_short_name,臨時運行,ja,臨時運行
stop_times,stop_headsign,新青森駅経由,en,Via Shin Aomori Sta.
routes,route_short_name,新青森駅経由,en,Via Shin Aomori Sta.
stop_times,stop_headsign,新青森駅経由,ja,新青森駅経由
routes,route_short_name,新青森駅経由,ja,新青森駅経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,田茂木野経由→田茂木沢終点,en,The last stop is Tamogisawa
routes,route_short_name,田茂木野経由→田茂木沢終点,en,The last stop is Tamogisawa
stop_times,stop_headsign,田茂木野経由→田茂木沢終点,ja,田茂木野経由→田茂木沢終点
routes,route_short_name,田茂木野経由→田茂木沢終点,ja,田茂木野経由→田茂木沢終点
stop_times,stop_headsign,つくしが丘病院→岩渡終点,en,The last stop is Iwatari
routes,route_short_name,つくしが丘病院→岩渡終点,en,The last stop is Iwatari
stop_times,stop_headsign,つくしが丘病院→岩渡終点,ja,つくしが丘病院→岩渡終点
routes,route_short_name,つくしが丘病院→岩渡終点,ja,つくしが丘病院→岩渡終点
stop_times,stop_headsign,幸畑団地経由,en,Via Kobata Danchi
routes,route_short_name,幸畑団地経由,en,Via Kobata Danchi
stop_times,stop_headsign,幸畑団地経由,ja,幸畑団地経由
routes,route_short_name,幸畑団地経由,ja,幸畑団地経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,商業高校前・第二養護学校前経由,en,Via Shogyo Koko・Dai Ni Yogo Gakko Mae
routes,route_short_name,商業高校前・第二養護学校前経由,en,Via Shogyo Koko・Dai Ni Yogo Gakko Mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,商業高校前・第二養護学校前経由,ja,商業高校前・第二養護学校前経由
routes,route_short_name,商業高校前・第二養護学校前経由,ja,商業高校前・第二養護学校前経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,急行バス・停車停留所にご注意下さい,en,Express
routes,route_short_name,急行バス・停車停留所にご注意下さい,en,Express
stop_times,stop_headsign,急行バス・停車停留所にご注意下さい,ja,急行バス・停車停留所にご注意下さい
routes,route_short_name,急行バス・停車停留所にご注意下さい,ja,急行バス・停車停留所にご注意下さい
stop_times,stop_headsign,戸山団地経由→沢山終点,en,The last stop is Sawayama
routes,route_short_name,戸山団地経由→沢山終点,en,The last stop is Sawayama
stop_times,stop_headsign,戸山団地経由→沢山終点,ja,戸山団地経由→沢山終点
routes,route_short_name,戸山団地経由→沢山終点,ja,戸山団地経由→沢山終点
stop_times,stop_headsign,東部(営)経由→工業高校終点,en,The last stop is Kogyo Koko
routes,route_short_name,東部(営)経由→工業高校終点,en,The last stop is Kogyo Koko
stop_times,stop_headsign,東部(営)経由→工業高校終点,ja,東部(営)経由→工業高校終点
routes,route_short_name,東部(営)経由→工業高校終点,ja,東部(営)経由→工業高校終点
stop_times,stop_headsign,問屋町経由,en,Via Ton'yamachi
routes,route_short_name,問屋町経由,en,Via Ton'yamachi
stop_times,stop_headsign,問屋町経由,ja,問屋町経由
routes,route_short_name,問屋町経由,ja,問屋町経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,公立大学経由,en,Via Koritsu Daigaku
routes,route_short_name,公立大学経由,en,Via Koritsu Daigaku
stop_times,stop_headsign,公立大学経由,ja,公立大学経由
routes,route_short_name,公立大学経由,ja,公立大学経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,イトーヨーカドー経由,en,Via Ito Yokado
routes,route_short_name,イトーヨーカドー経由,en,Via Ito Yokado
stop_times,stop_headsign,イトーヨーカドー経由,ja,イトーヨーカドー経由
routes,route_short_name,イトーヨーカドー経由,ja,イトーヨーカドー経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,東高校前・盲学校経由,en,Via Higashi Koko・Mo Gakko
routes,route_short_name,東高校前・盲学校経由,en,Via Higashi Koko・Mo Gakko
stop_times,stop_headsign,東高校前・盲学校経由,ja,東高校前・盲学校経由
routes,route_short_name,東高校前・盲学校経由,ja,東高校前・盲学校経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,流通団地経由→南部工業団地終点,en,The last stop is Nanbu Kogyo Danchi
routes,route_short_name,流通団地経由→南部工業団地終点,en,The last stop is Nanbu Kogyo Danchi
stop_times,stop_headsign,流通団地経由→南部工業団地終点,ja,流通団地経由→南部工業団地終点
routes,route_short_name,流通団地経由→南部工業団地終点,ja,流通団地経由→南部工業団地終点
stop_times,stop_headsign,中大野経由,en,Via Naka Ono
routes,route_short_name,中大野経由,en,Via Naka Ono
stop_times,stop_headsign,中大野経由,ja,中大野経由
routes,route_short_name,中大野経由,ja,中大野経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,新生町経由,en,Via Shinseicho
routes,route_short_name,新生町経由,en,Via Shinseicho
stop_times,stop_headsign,新生町経由,ja,新生町経由
routes,route_short_name,新生町経由,ja,新生町経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,駅西口経由,en,Via Eki Nishiguchi
routes,route_short_name,駅西口経由,en,Via Eki Nishiguchi
stop_times,stop_headsign,駅西口経由,ja,駅西口経由
routes,route_short_name,駅西口経由,ja,駅西口経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,新生町・駅西口経由,en,Via Shinseicho・Eki Nishiguchi
routes,route_short_name,新生町・駅西口経由,en,Via Shinseicho・Eki Nishiguchi
stop_times,stop_headsign,新生町・駅西口経由,ja,新生町・駅西口経由
routes,route_short_name,新生町・駅西口経由,ja,新生町・駅西口経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,市民病院経由,en,Via Shimin Byoin
routes,route_short_name,市民病院経由,en,Via Shimin Byoin
stop_times,stop_headsign,市民病院経由,ja,市民病院経由
routes,route_short_name,市民病院経由,ja,市民病院経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,三内霊園経由,en,Via Sannai Reien
routes,route_short_name,三内霊園経由,en,Via Sannai Reien
stop_times,stop_headsign,三内霊園経由,ja,三内霊園経由
routes,route_short_name,三内霊園経由,ja,三内霊園経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,岡造道経由,en,Via Okatsukurimichi
routes,route_short_name,岡造道経由,en,Via Okatsukurimichi
stop_times,stop_headsign,岡造道経由,ja,岡造道経由
routes,route_short_name,岡造道経由,ja,岡造道経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,免許センター・西部工業団地経由,en,Via Unten Menkyo Center・Seibu Kogyo Danchi
routes,route_short_name,免許センター・西部工業団地経由,en,Via Unten Menkyo Center・Seibu Kogyo Danchi
stop_times,stop_headsign,免許センター・西部工業団地経由,ja,免許センター・西部工業団地経由
routes,route_short_name,免許センター・西部工業団地経由,ja,免許センター・西部工業団地経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,西部工業団地経由,en,Via Seibu Kogyo Danchi
routes,route_short_name,西部工業団地経由,en,Via Seibu Kogyo Danchi
stop_times,stop_headsign,西部工業団地経由,ja,西部工業団地経由
routes,route_short_name,西部工業団地経由,ja,西部工業団地経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,南中学校経由,en,Via Minami Chugakko
routes,route_short_name,南中学校経由,en,Via Minami Chugakko
stop_times,stop_headsign,南中学校経由,ja,南中学校経由
routes,route_short_name,南中学校経由,ja,南中学校経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,桜川経由,en,Via Sakuragawa
routes,route_short_name,桜川経由,en,Via Sakuragawa
stop_times,stop_headsign,桜川経由,ja,桜川経由
routes,route_short_name,桜川経由,ja,桜川経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,免許センター経由,en,Via Unten Menkyo Center
routes,route_short_name,免許センター経由,en,Via Unten Menkyo Center
stop_times,stop_headsign,免許センター経由,ja,免許センター経由
routes,route_short_name,免許センター経由,ja,免許センター経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,北高校構内経由,en,Via Kita Koko
routes,route_short_name,北高校構内経由,en,Via Kita Koko
stop_times,stop_headsign,北高校構内経由,ja,北高校構内経由
routes,route_short_name,北高校構内経由,ja,北高校構内経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,緑ヶ丘団地経由,en,Via Midorigaoka Danchi
routes,route_short_name,緑ヶ丘団地経由,en,Via Midorigaoka Danchi
stop_times,stop_headsign,緑ヶ丘団地経由,ja,緑ヶ丘団地経由
routes,route_short_name,緑ヶ丘団地経由,ja,緑ヶ丘団地経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,新青森駅・緑ヶ丘団地経由,en,Via Shin Aomori Sta.・Midorigaoka Danchi
routes,route_short_name,新青森駅・緑ヶ丘団地経由,en,Via Shin Aomori Sta.・Midorigaoka Danchi
stop_times,stop_headsign,新青森駅・緑ヶ丘団地経由,ja,新青森駅・緑ヶ丘団地経由
routes,route_short_name,新青森駅・緑ヶ丘団地経由,ja,新青森駅・緑ヶ丘団地経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,浅虫温泉駅→浅虫水族館終点,en,The last stop is Asamushi Suizokukan
routes,route_short_name,浅虫温泉駅→浅虫水族館終点,en,The last stop is Asamushi Suizokukan
stop_times,stop_headsign,浅虫温泉駅→浅虫水族館終点,ja,浅虫温泉駅→浅虫水族館終点
routes,route_short_name,浅虫温泉駅→浅虫水族館終点,ja,浅虫温泉駅→浅虫水族館終点
stop_times,stop_headsign,期間運行・春分の日～11月の土日祝、及び8月13日～15日運行,en,Period operation
routes,route_short_name,期間運行・春分の日～11月の土日祝、及び8月13日～15日運行,en,Period operation
stop_times,stop_headsign,期間運行・春分の日～11月の土日祝、及び8月13日～15日運行,ja,期間運行・春分の日～11月の土日祝、及び8月13日～15日運行
routes,route_short_name,期間運行・春分の日～11月の土日祝、及び8月13日～15日運行,ja,期間運行・春分の日～11月の土日祝、及び8月13日～15日運行
stop_times,stop_headsign,新青森駅・東高校経由,en,Via Shin Aomori Sta.・Higashi Koko
routes,route_short_name,新青森駅・東高校経由,en,Via Shin Aomori Sta.・Higashi Koko
stop_times,stop_headsign,新青森駅・東高校経由,ja,新青森駅・東高校経由
routes,route_short_name,新青森駅・東高校経由,ja,新青森駅・東高校経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,浪館中央循環（※旧線路通り経由）,en,Namidate Chuo Junkan
routes,route_short_name,浪館中央循環（※旧線路通り経由）,en,Namidate Chuo Junkan
stop_times,stop_headsign,浪館中央循環（※旧線路通り経由）,ja,浪館中央循環（※旧線路通り経由）
routes,route_short_name,浪館中央循環（※旧線路通り経由）,ja,浪館中央循環（※旧線路通り経由）
stop_times,stop_headsign,浪館中央循環（※浪館通り経由）,en,Namidate Chuo Junkan
routes,route_short_name,浪館中央循環（※浪館通り経由）,en,Namidate Chuo Junkan
stop_times,stop_headsign,浪館中央循環（※浪館通り経由）,ja,浪館中央循環（※浪館通り経由）
routes,route_short_name,浪館中央循環（※浪館通り経由）,ja,浪館中央循環（※浪館通り経由）
stop_times,stop_headsign,新総合運動公園（アリーナ）経由,en,Via Shin Sogo Undo Koen
routes,route_short_name,新総合運動公園（アリーナ）経由,en,Via Shin Sogo Undo Koen
stop_times,stop_headsign,新総合運動公園（アリーナ）経由,ja,新総合運動公園（アリーナ）経由
routes,route_short_name,新総合運動公園（アリーナ）経由,ja,新総合運動公園（アリーナ）経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,第二養護学校前経由,en,Via Dai Ni Yogo Gakko Mae
routes,route_short_name,第二養護学校前経由,en,Via Dai Ni Yogo Gakko Mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,第二養護学校前経由,ja,第二養護学校前経由
routes,route_short_name,第二養護学校前経由,ja,第二養護学校前経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,田茂木沢線,en,Tamogisawa Line
routes,route_short_name,田茂木沢線,en,Tamogisawa Line
stop_times,stop_headsign,田茂木沢線,ja,田茂木沢線
routes,route_short_name,田茂木沢線,ja,田茂木沢線
stop_times,stop_headsign,沢山線,en,Sawayama Line
routes,route_short_name,沢山線,en,Sawayama Line
stop_times,stop_headsign,沢山線,ja,沢山線
routes,route_short_name,沢山線,ja,沢山線
stop_times,stop_headsign,沢山,en,Sawayama
routes,route_short_name,沢山,en,Sawayama
stop_times,stop_headsign,沢山,ja,沢山
routes,route_short_name,沢山,ja,沢山
stop_times,stop_headsign,NTT青森支店,en,N T T Aomorishiten
routes,route_short_name,NTT青森支店,en,N T T Aomorishiten
stop_times,stop_headsign,NTT青森支店,ja,NTT青森支店
routes,route_short_name,NTT青森支店,ja,NTT青森支店
stop_times,stop_headsign,県立中央病院,en,Kenritsu Chuo Byoin
routes,route_short_name,県立中央病院,en,Kenritsu Chuo Byoin
stop_times,stop_headsign,県立中央病院,ja,県立中央病院
routes,route_short_name,県立中央病院,ja,県立中央病院
stop_times,stop_headsign,市民病院,en,Shimin Byoin
routes,route_short_name,市民病院,en,Shimin Byoin
stop_times,stop_headsign,市民病院,ja,市民病院
routes,route_short_name,市民病院,ja,市民病院
stop_times,stop_headsign,東部,en,Tobu Eigyosho
routes,route_short_name,東部,en,Tobu Eigyosho
stop_times,stop_headsign,東部,ja,東部
routes,route_short_name,東部,ja,東部
stop_times,stop_headsign,東部〈営〉,en,Tobu Eigyosho
routes,route_short_name,東部〈営〉,en,Tobu Eigyosho
stop_times,stop_headsign,東部〈営〉,ja,東部〈営〉
routes,route_short_name,東部〈営〉,ja,東部〈営〉
stop_times,stop_headsign,県病,en,Kenritsu Chuo Byoin
routes,route_short_name,県病,en,Kenritsu Chuo Byoin
stop_times,stop_headsign,県病,ja,県病
routes,route_short_name,県病,ja,県病
stop_times,stop_headsign,浅虫温泉駅,en,Asamushi Onsen Sta.
routes,route_short_name,浅虫温泉駅,en,Asamushi Onsen Sta.
stop_times,stop_headsign,浅虫温泉駅,ja,浅虫温泉駅
routes,route_short_name,浅虫温泉駅,ja,浅虫温泉駅
stop_times,stop_headsign,浅虫水族館,en,Asamushi Suizokukan
routes,route_short_name,浅虫水族館,en,Asamushi Suizokukan
stop_times,stop_headsign,浅虫水族館,ja,浅虫水族館
routes,route_short_name,浅虫水族館,ja,浅虫水族館
stop_times,stop_headsign,東部営業所,en,Tobu Eigyosho
routes,route_short_name,東部営業所,en,Tobu Eigyosho
stop_times,stop_headsign,東部営業所,ja,東部営業所
routes,route_short_name,東部営業所,ja,東部営業所
stop_times,stop_headsign,上築木館,en,Kami Tsukinokidate
routes,route_short_name,上築木館,en,Kami Tsukinokidate
stop_times,stop_headsign,上築木館,ja,上築木館
routes,route_short_name,上築木館,ja,上築木館
stop_times,stop_headsign,商業高校前,en,Shogyo Koko Mae
routes,route_short_name,商業高校前,en,Shogyo Koko Mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,商業高校前,ja,商業高校前
routes,route_short_name,商業高校前,ja,商業高校前
stop_times,stop_headsign,沢田橋,en,Sawada Bashi
routes,route_short_name,沢田橋,en,Sawada Bashi
stop_times,stop_headsign,沢田橋,ja,沢田橋
routes,route_short_name,沢田橋,ja,沢田橋
stop_times,stop_headsign,昭和大仏,en,Showa Daibutsu
routes,route_short_name,昭和大仏,en,Showa Daibutsu
stop_times,stop_headsign,昭和大仏,ja,昭和大仏
routes,route_short_name,昭和大仏,ja,昭和大仏
stop_times,stop_headsign,桑原,en,Kuwabara
routes,route_short_name,桑原,en,Kuwabara
stop_times,stop_headsign,桑原,ja,桑原
routes,route_short_name,桑原,ja,桑原
stop_times,stop_headsign,戸山団地,en,Toyama Danchi
routes,route_short_name,戸山団地,en,Toyama Danchi
stop_times,stop_headsign,戸山団地,ja,戸山団地
routes,route_short_name,戸山団地,ja,戸山団地
stop_times,stop_headsign,月見野霊園,en,Tsukimino Reien
routes,route_short_name,月見野霊園,en,Tsukimino Reien
stop_times,stop_headsign,月見野霊園,ja,月見野霊園
routes,route_short_name,月見野霊園,ja,月見野霊園
stop_times,stop_headsign,田茂木沢,en,Tamogisawa
routes,route_short_name,田茂木沢,en,Tamogisawa
stop_times,stop_headsign,田茂木沢,ja,田茂木沢
routes,route_short_name,田茂木沢,ja,田茂木沢
stop_times,stop_headsign,田茂木野,en,Tamogino
routes,route_short_name,田茂木野,en,Tamogino
stop_times,stop_headsign,田茂木野,ja,田茂木野
routes,route_short_name,田茂木野,ja,田茂木野
stop_times,stop_headsign,モヤヒルズ,en,Moya Hills
routes,route_short_name,モヤヒルズ,en,Moya Hills
stop_times,stop_headsign,モヤヒルズ,ja,モヤヒルズ
routes,route_short_name,モヤヒルズ,ja,モヤヒルズ
stop_times,stop_headsign,幸畑団地,en,Kobata Danchi
routes,route_short_name,幸畑団地,en,Kobata Danchi
stop_times,stop_headsign,幸畑団地,ja,幸畑団地
routes,route_short_name,幸畑団地,ja,幸畑団地
stop_times,stop_headsign,学校教育センター,en,Gakko Kyoiku Center
routes,route_short_name,学校教育センター,en,Gakko Kyoiku Center
stop_times,stop_headsign,学校教育センター,ja,学校教育センター
routes,route_short_name,学校教育センター,ja,学校教育センター
stop_times,stop_headsign,スケート場,en,Skate Jo
routes,route_short_name,スケート場,en,Skate Jo
stop_times,stop_headsign,スケート場,ja,スケート場
routes,route_short_name,スケート場,ja,スケート場
stop_times,stop_headsign,問屋町,en,Tonyamachi
routes,route_short_name,問屋町,en,Tonyamachi
stop_times,stop_headsign,問屋町,ja,問屋町
routes,route_short_name,問屋町,ja,問屋町
stop_times,stop_headsign,流通団地,en,Ryutsu Danchi
routes,route_short_name,流通団地,en,Ryutsu Danchi
stop_times,stop_headsign,流通団地,ja,流通団地
routes,route_short_name,流通団地,ja,流通団地
stop_times,stop_headsign,南部工業団地,en,Nanbu Kogyo Danchi
routes,route_short_name,南部工業団地,en,Nanbu Kogyo Danchi
stop_times,stop_headsign,南部工業団地,ja,南部工業団地
routes,route_short_name,南部工業団地,ja,南部工業団地
stop_times,stop_headsign,慈恵会病院,en,Jikeikai Byoin
routes,route_short_name,慈恵会病院,en,Jikeikai Byoin
stop_times,stop_headsign,慈恵会病院,ja,慈恵会病院
routes,route_short_name,慈恵会病院,ja,慈恵会病院
stop_times,stop_headsign,細越,en,Hosogoe
routes,route_short_name,細越,en,Hosogoe
stop_times,stop_headsign,細越,ja,細越
routes,route_short_name,細越,ja,細越
stop_times,stop_headsign,南高校,en,Minami Koko
routes,route_short_name,南高校,en,Minami Koko
stop_times,stop_headsign,南高校,ja,南高校
routes,route_short_name,南高校,ja,南高校
stop_times,stop_headsign,朝日放送,en,Asahi Hoso
routes,route_short_name,朝日放送,en,Asahi Hoso
stop_times,stop_headsign,朝日放送,ja,朝日放送
routes,route_short_name,朝日放送,ja,朝日放送
stop_times,stop_headsign,野木,en,Nogi
routes,route_short_name,野木,en,Nogi
stop_times,stop_headsign,野木,ja,野木
routes,route_short_name,野木,ja,野木
stop_times,stop_headsign,新青森駅南口,en,Shin Aomori Sta. Minamiguchi
routes,route_short_name,新青森駅南口,en,Shin Aomori Sta. Minamiguchi
stop_times,stop_headsign,新青森駅南口,ja,新青森駅南口
routes,route_short_name,新青森駅南口,ja,新青森駅南口
stop_times,stop_headsign,青駅南口,en,Shin Aomori Sta. Minamiguchi
routes,route_short_name,青駅南口,en,Shin Aomori Sta. Minamiguchi
stop_times,stop_headsign,青駅南口,ja,青駅南口
routes,route_short_name,青駅南口,ja,青駅南口
stop_times,stop_headsign,青駅東口,en,Shin Aomori Sta. Higashiguchi
routes,route_short_name,青駅東口,en,Shin Aomori Sta. Higashiguchi
stop_times,stop_headsign,青駅東口,ja,青駅東口
routes,route_short_name,青駅東口,ja,青駅東口
stop_times,stop_headsign,西部営業所,en,Seibu Eigyosho
routes,route_short_name,西部営業所,en,Seibu Eigyosho
stop_times,stop_headsign,西部営業所,ja,西部営業所
routes,route_short_name,西部営業所,ja,西部営業所
stop_times,stop_headsign,つくしが丘病院,en,Tsukushigaoka Byoin
routes,route_short_name,つくしが丘病院,en,Tsukushigaoka Byoin
stop_times,stop_headsign,つくしが丘病院,ja,つくしが丘病院
routes,route_short_name,つくしが丘病院,ja,つくしが丘病院
stop_times,stop_headsign,岩渡,en,Iwatari
routes,route_short_name,岩渡,en,Iwatari
stop_times,stop_headsign,岩渡,ja,岩渡
routes,route_short_name,岩渡,ja,岩渡
stop_times,stop_headsign,県立美術館,en,Kenritsu Bijutsukan
routes,route_short_name,県立美術館,en,Kenritsu Bijutsukan
stop_times,stop_headsign,県立美術館,ja,県立美術館
routes,route_short_name,県立美術館,ja,県立美術館
stop_times,stop_headsign,野木和団地,en,Nogiwa Danchi
routes,route_short_name,野木和団地,en,Nogiwa Danchi
stop_times,stop_headsign,野木和団地,ja,野木和団地
routes,route_short_name,野木和団地,ja,野木和団地
stop_times,stop_headsign,油川市民センター,en,Aburakawa Shimin Center
routes,route_short_name,油川市民センター,en,Aburakawa Shimin Center
stop_times,stop_headsign,油川市民センター,ja,油川市民センター
routes,route_short_name,油川市民センター,ja,油川市民センター
stop_times,stop_headsign,新生町,en,Shinseicho
routes,route_short_name,新生町,en,Shinseicho
stop_times,stop_headsign,新生町,ja,新生町
routes,route_short_name,新生町,ja,新生町
stop_times,stop_headsign,石江,en,Ishie
routes,route_short_name,石江,en,Ishie
stop_times,stop_headsign,石江,ja,石江
routes,route_short_name,石江,ja,石江
stop_times,stop_headsign,西バイパス,en,Nishi Bypass
routes,route_short_name,西バイパス,en,Nishi Bypass
stop_times,stop_headsign,西バイパス,ja,西バイパス
routes,route_short_name,西バイパス,ja,西バイパス
stop_times,stop_headsign,東バイパス,en,Higashi Bypass
routes,route_short_name,東バイパス,en,Higashi Bypass
stop_times,stop_headsign,東バイパス,ja,東バイパス
routes,route_short_name,東バイパス,ja,東バイパス
stop_times,stop_headsign,浪館,en,Namidate
routes,route_short_name,浪館,en,Namidate
stop_times,stop_headsign,浪館,ja,浪館
routes,route_short_name,浪館,ja,浪館
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川,en,Furukawa
routes,route_short_name,古川,en,Furukawa
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川,ja,古川
routes,route_short_name,古川,ja,古川
stop_times,stop_headsign,旭町,en,Asahicho
routes,route_short_name,旭町,en,Asahicho
stop_times,stop_headsign,旭町,ja,旭町
routes,route_short_name,旭町,ja,旭町
stop_times,stop_headsign,中央大橋,en,Chuo Ohashi
routes,route_short_name,中央大橋,en,Chuo Ohashi
stop_times,stop_headsign,中央大橋,ja,中央大橋
routes,route_short_name,中央大橋,ja,中央大橋
stop_times,stop_headsign,観光通り,en,Kanko Dori
routes,route_short_name,観光通り,en,Kanko Dori
stop_times,stop_headsign,観光通り,ja,観光通り
routes,route_short_name,観光通り,ja,観光通り
stop_times,stop_headsign,幸畑,en,Kobata
routes,route_short_name,幸畑,en,Kobata
stop_times,stop_headsign,幸畑,ja,幸畑
routes,route_short_name,幸畑,ja,幸畑
stop_times,stop_headsign,桜川,en,Sakuragawa
routes,route_short_name,桜川,en,Sakuragawa
stop_times,stop_headsign,桜川,ja,桜川
routes,route_short_name,桜川,ja,桜川
stop_times,stop_headsign,岡造道,en,Okatsukurimichi
routes,route_short_name,岡造道,en,Okatsukurimichi
stop_times,stop_headsign,岡造道,ja,岡造道
routes,route_short_name,岡造道,ja,岡造道
stop_times,stop_headsign,小柳,en,Koyanagi
routes,route_short_name,小柳,en,Koyanagi
stop_times,stop_headsign,小柳,ja,小柳
routes,route_short_name,小柳,ja,小柳
stop_times,stop_headsign,明の星通り,en,Akenohoshi Dori
routes,route_short_name,明の星通り,en,Akenohoshi Dori
stop_times,stop_headsign,明の星通り,ja,明の星通り
routes,route_short_name,明の星通り,ja,明の星通り
stop_times,stop_headsign,東高校,en,Higashi Koko
routes,route_short_name,東高校,en,Higashi Koko
stop_times,stop_headsign,東高校,ja,東高校
routes,route_short_name,東高校,ja,東高校
stop_times,stop_headsign,盲学校,en,Mo Gakko
routes,route_short_name,盲学校,en,Mo Gakko
stop_times,stop_headsign,盲学校,ja,盲学校
routes,route_short_name,盲学校,ja,盲学校
stop_times,stop_headsign,南佃,en,Minami Tsukuda
routes,route_short_name,南佃,en,Minami Tsukuda
stop_times,stop_headsign,南佃,ja,南佃
routes,route_short_name,南佃,ja,南佃
stop_times,stop_headsign,中筒井,en,Naka Tsutsui
routes,route_short_name,中筒井,en,Naka Tsutsui
stop_times,stop_headsign,中筒井,ja,中筒井
routes,route_short_name,中筒井,ja,中筒井
stop_times,stop_headsign,ＮＴＴ青森支店,en,N T T Aomori Shiten
routes,route_short_name,ＮＴＴ青森支店,en,N T T Aomori Shiten
stop_times,stop_headsign,ＮＴＴ青森支店,ja,ＮＴＴ青森支店
routes,route_short_name,ＮＴＴ青森支店,ja,ＮＴＴ青森支店
stop_times,stop_headsign,新町,en,Shinmachi
routes,route_short_name,新町,en,Shinmachi
stop_times,stop_headsign,新町,ja,新町
routes,route_short_name,新町,ja,新町
stop_times,stop_headsign,西部工業団地,en,Seibu Kogyo Danchi
routes,route_short_name,西部工業団地,en,Seibu Kogyo Danchi
stop_times,stop_headsign,西部工業団地,ja,西部工業団地
routes,route_short_name,西部工業団地,ja,西部工業団地
stop_times,stop_headsign,運転免許センター,en,Unten Menkyo Center
routes,route_short_name,運転免許センター,en,Unten Menkyo Center
stop_times,stop_headsign,運転免許センター,ja,運転免許センター
routes,route_short_name,運転免許センター,ja,運転免許センター
stop_times,stop_headsign,西部〈営〉,en,Seibu Eigyosho
routes,route_short_name,西部〈営〉,en,Seibu Eigyosho
stop_times,stop_headsign,西部〈営〉,ja,西部〈営〉
routes,route_short_name,西部〈営〉,ja,西部〈営〉
stop_times,stop_headsign,西部,en,Seibu Eigyosho
routes,route_short_name,西部,en,Seibu Eigyosho
stop_times,stop_headsign,西部,ja,西部
routes,route_short_name,西部,ja,西部
stop_times,stop_headsign,しあわせプラザ,en,Shiawase Plaza
routes,route_short_name,しあわせプラザ,en,Shiawase Plaza
stop_times,stop_headsign,しあわせプラザ,ja,しあわせプラザ
routes,route_short_name,しあわせプラザ,ja,しあわせプラザ
stop_times,stop_headsign,駅西口,en,Aomori Sta.nishiguchi
routes,route_short_name,駅西口,en,Aomori Sta.nishiguchi
stop_times,stop_headsign,駅西口,ja,駅西口
routes,route_short_name,駅西口,ja,駅西口
stop_times,stop_headsign,DCM青森中央店前,en,DCM Aomori Chuoten Mae
routes,route_short_name,DCM青森中央店前,en,DCM Aomori Chuoten Mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,DCM青森中央店前,ja,DCM青森中央店前
routes,route_short_name,DCM青森中央店前,ja,DCM青森中央店前
stop_times,stop_headsign,慈恵会病院経由,en,Via Jikeikai Byoin
routes,route_short_name,慈恵会病院経由,en,Via Jikeikai Byoin
stop_times,stop_headsign,慈恵会病院経由,ja,慈恵会病院経由
routes,route_short_name,慈恵会病院経由,ja,慈恵会病院経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,総合体育館・サンロード青森経由,en,Via Sogo Taiikukan・Sanrodo Aomori
routes,route_short_name,総合体育館・サンロード青森経由,en,Via Sogo Taiikukan・Sanrodo Aomori
stop_times,stop_headsign,総合体育館・サンロード青森経由,ja,総合体育館前・サンロード青森経由
routes,route_short_name,総合体育館・サンロード青森経由,ja,総合体育館前・サンロード青森経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,スケート場経由,en,Via Skate Jo
routes,route_short_name,スケート場経由,en,Via Skate Jo
stop_times,stop_headsign,スケート場経由,ja,スケート場経由
routes,route_short_name,スケート場経由,ja,スケート場経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,総合体育館・イトーヨーカドー経由,en,Via Sogo Taiikukan・Ito Yokado
routes,route_short_name,総合体育館・イトーヨーカドー経由,en,Via Sogo Taiikukan・Ito Yokado
stop_times,stop_headsign,総合体育館・イトーヨーカドー経由,ja,総合体育館・イトーヨーカドー経由
routes,route_short_name,総合体育館・イトーヨーカドー経由,ja,総合体育館・イトーヨーカドー経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,サンロード青森経由,en,Via Sanrodo Aomori
routes,route_short_name,サンロード青森経由,en,Via Sanrodo Aomori
stop_times,stop_headsign,サンロード青森経由,ja,サンロード青森経由
routes,route_short_name,サンロード青森経由,ja,サンロード青森経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,総合体育館・浪館経由,en,Via Sogo Taiikukan・Namidate
routes,route_short_name,総合体育館・浪館経由,en,Via Sogo Taiikukan・Namidate
stop_times,stop_headsign,総合体育館・浪館経由,ja,総合体育館・浪館経由
routes,route_short_name,総合体育館・浪館経由,ja,総合体育館・浪館経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,浪館経由,en,Via Namidate
routes,route_short_name,浪館経由,en,Via Namidate
stop_times,stop_headsign,浪館経由,ja,浪館経由
routes,route_short_name,浪館経由,ja,浪館経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,総合体育館経由,en,Via Sogo Taiikukan
routes,route_short_name,総合体育館経由,en,Via Sogo Taiikukan
stop_times,stop_headsign,総合体育館経由,ja,総合体育館経由
routes,route_short_name,総合体育館経由,ja,総合体育館経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,旭町経由,en,Via Asahicho
routes,route_short_name,旭町経由,en,Via Asahicho
stop_times,stop_headsign,旭町経由,ja,旭町経由
routes,route_short_name,旭町経由,ja,旭町経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,月見野霊園経由,en,Via Tsukimino Reien
routes,route_short_name,月見野霊園経由,en,Via Tsukimino Reien
stop_times,stop_headsign,月見野霊園経由,ja,月見野霊園経由
routes,route_short_name,月見野霊園経由,ja,月見野霊園経由
stop_times,stop_headsign,横内環状,en,Yokouchi Kanjo
routes,route_short_name,横内環状,en,Yokouchi Kanjo
stop_times,stop_headsign,横内環状,ja,横内環状
routes,route_short_name,横内環状,ja,横内環状
stop_times,stop_headsign,棟方志功記念館前,en,Munakata Shiko Memorial Museum of Art
routes,route_short_name,棟方志功記念館前,en,Munakata Shiko Memorial Museum of Art
stop_times,stop_headsign,棟方志功記念館前,ja,棟方志功記念館前
routes,route_short_name,棟方志功記念館前,ja,棟方志功記念館前
stop_times,stop_headsign,シーナシーナ青森経由,en,Via CiiNACiiNA Aomori
routes,route_short_name,シーナシーナ青森経由,en,Via CiiNACiiNA Aomori
stop_times,stop_headsign,シーナシーナ青森経由,ja,シーナシーナ青森経由
routes,route_short_name,シーナシーナ青森経由,ja,シーナシーナ青森経由
stops,stop_name,青森駅,ja-Hrkt,あおもりえき
stops,stop_name,青森駅,en,Aomori Sta.
stops,stop_name,古川一丁目,ja-Hrkt,ふるかわいっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,古川一丁目,en,Furukawa-itchome
stops,stop_name,古川,ja-Hrkt,ふるかわ
stops,stop_name,古川,en,Furukawa
stops,stop_name,県庁前,ja-Hrkt,けんちょうまえ
stops,stop_name,県庁前,en,Kencho Mae
stops,stop_name,市役所前,ja-Hrkt,しやくしょまえ
stops,stop_name,市役所前,en,Shiyakusho Mae
stops,stop_name,ＮＴＴ青森支店前,ja-Hrkt,えぬてぃてぃあおもりしてんまえ
stops,stop_name,ＮＴＴ青森支店前,en,N T T Aomori Shiten Mae
stops,stop_name,文化会館前,ja-Hrkt,ぶんかかいかんまえ
stops,stop_name,文化会館前,en,Bunka Kaikan Mae
stops,stop_name,堤橋,ja-Hrkt,つつみばし
stops,stop_name,堤橋,en,Tsutsumi Bashi
stops,stop_name,栄町一丁目,ja-Hrkt,さかえまちいっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,栄町一丁目,en,Sakaemachi-itchome
stops,stop_name,栄町二丁目,ja-Hrkt,さかえまちにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,栄町二丁目,en,Sakaemachi-nichome
stops,stop_name,合浦町,ja-Hrkt,がっぽちょう
stops,stop_name,合浦町,en,Gappocho
stops,stop_name,合浦公園前,ja-Hrkt,がっぽこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,合浦公園前,en,Gappo Koen Mae
stops,stop_name,岡造道一丁目,ja-Hrkt,おかつくりみちいっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,岡造道一丁目,en,Okatsukurimichi-itchome
stops,stop_name,造道,ja-Hrkt,つくりみち
stops,stop_name,造道,en,Tsukurimichi
stops,stop_name,沢田橋,ja-Hrkt,さわだばし
stops,stop_name,沢田橋,en,Sawada Bashi
stops,stop_name,新町一丁目,ja-Hrkt,しんまちいっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,新町一丁目,en,Shinmachi-itchome
stops,stop_name,県庁通り,ja-Hrkt,けんちょうどおり
stops,stop_name,県庁通り,en,Kencho Dori
stops,stop_name,新町二丁目,ja-Hrkt,しんまちにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,新町二丁目,en,Shinmachi-nichome
stops,stop_name,北高校,ja-Hrkt,きたこうこう
stops,stop_name,北高校,en,Kita Koko
stops,stop_name,下六枚橋昇龍の松前,ja-Hrkt,しもろくまいばししょうりゅうのまつまえ
stops,stop_name,下六枚橋昇龍の松前,en,Shimo Rokumaibashi Shoryu no matsu Mae
stops,stop_name,下安田,ja-Hrkt,しもやすた
stops,stop_name,下安田,en,Shimo Yasuta
stops,stop_name,古川三丁目,ja-Hrkt,ふるかわさんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,古川三丁目,en,Furukawa-sanchome
stops,stop_name,長島四丁目,ja-Hrkt,ながしまよんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,長島四丁目,en,Nagashima-yonchome
stops,stop_name,中央大橋,ja-Hrkt,ちゅうおうおおはし
stops,stop_name,中央大橋,en,Chuo Ohashi
stops,stop_name,中央二丁目,ja-Hrkt,ちゅうおうにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,中央二丁目,en,Chuo-nichome
stops,stop_name,橋本三丁目,ja-Hrkt,はしもとさんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,橋本三丁目,en,Hashimoto-sanchome
stops,stop_name,聴覚障害者情報センター前,ja-Hrkt,ちょうかくしょうがいしゃじょうほうせんたーまえ
stops,stop_name,聴覚障害者情報センター前,en,Chokaku Shogaisha Joho Center Mae
stops,stop_name,東高校通り,ja-Hrkt,ひがしこうこうどおり
stops,stop_name,東高校通り,en,Higashi Koko Dori
stops,stop_name,サンドーム通り,ja-Hrkt,さんどうむどおり
stops,stop_name,サンドーム通り,en,Sun Dome Dori
stops,stop_name,浜館五丁目,ja-Hrkt,はまだてごちょうめ
stops,stop_name,浜館五丁目,en,Hamadate-gochome
stops,stop_name,南造道,ja-Hrkt,みなみつくりみち
stops,stop_name,南造道,en,Minami Tsukurimichi
stops,stop_name,県立中央病院通り,ja-Hrkt,けんりつちゅうおうびょういんどおり
stops,stop_name,県立中央病院通り,en,Kenritsu Chuo Byoin Dori
stops,stop_name,県立中央病院前,ja-Hrkt,けんりつちゅうおうびょういんまえ
stops,stop_name,県立中央病院前,en,Kenritsu Chuo Byoin Mae
stops,stop_name,八重田,ja-Hrkt,やえだ
stops,stop_name,八重田,en,Yaeda
stops,stop_name,矢作,ja-Hrkt,やさく
stops,stop_name,矢作,en,Yasaku
stops,stop_name,原別,ja-Hrkt,はらべつ
stops,stop_name,原別,en,Harabetsu
stops,stop_name,下海原,ja-Hrkt,しもうなばら
stops,stop_name,下海原,en,Shimo Unabara
stops,stop_name,上海原,ja-Hrkt,かみうなばら
stops,stop_name,上海原,en,Kami Unabara
stops,stop_name,野内駅前,ja-Hrkt,のないえきまえ
stops,stop_name,野内駅前,en,Nonai Sta. Mae
stops,stop_name,北野内,ja-Hrkt,きたのない
stops,stop_name,北野内,en,Kita Nonai
stops,stop_name,東野内,ja-Hrkt,ひがしのない
stops,stop_name,東野内,en,Higashi Nonai
stops,stop_name,野内,ja-Hrkt,のない
stops,stop_name,野内,en,Nonai
stops,stop_name,浦島,ja-Hrkt,うらしま
stops,stop_name,浦島,en,Urashima
stops,stop_name,観音寺通り,ja-Hrkt,かんのんじどおり
stops,stop_name,観音寺通り,en,Kannonji Dori
stops,stop_name,久栗坂,ja-Hrkt,くぐりざか
stops,stop_name,久栗坂,en,Kugurizaka
stops,stop_name,青森敬仁会病院前,ja-Hrkt,あおもりけいじんかいびょういんまえ
stops,stop_name,青森敬仁会病院前,en,Aomori Keijinkai Byouin Mae
stops,stop_name,津軽高野山,ja-Hrkt,つがるこうやさん
stops,stop_name,津軽高野山,en,Tsugaru Koyasan
stops,stop_name,浅虫消防分署前,ja-Hrkt,あさむししょうぼうぶんしょまえ
stops,stop_name,浅虫消防分署前,en,Asamushi Shobo Bunsho Mae
stops,stop_name,浅虫水族館通り,ja-Hrkt,あさむしすいぞくかんどおり
stops,stop_name,浅虫水族館通り,en,Asamushi Suizokukan Dori
stops,stop_name,道の駅ゆーさ浅虫前,ja-Hrkt,みちのえきゆーさあさむしまえ
stops,stop_name,道の駅ゆーさ浅虫前,en,Michi no eki Yusa Asamushi Mae
stops,stop_name,アウガ前,ja-Hrkt,あうがまえ
stops,stop_name,アウガ前,en,Auga Mae
stops,stop_name,東高校前,ja-Hrkt,ひがしこうこうまえ
stops,stop_name,東高校前,en,Higashi Koko Mae
stops,stop_name,原別小学校前,ja-Hrkt,はらべつしょうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,原別小学校前,en,Harabetsu Shogakko Mae
stops,stop_name,森越,ja-Hrkt,もりこし
stops,stop_name,森越,en,Morikoshi
stops,stop_name,下諏訪沢,ja-Hrkt,しもすわのさわ
stops,stop_name,下諏訪沢,en,Shimo Suwanosawa
stops,stop_name,諏訪沢,ja-Hrkt,すわのさわ
stops,stop_name,諏訪沢,en,Suwanosawa
stops,stop_name,下築木館,ja-Hrkt,しもつきのきだて
stops,stop_name,下築木館,en,Shimo Tsukinokidate
stops,stop_name,築木館,ja-Hrkt,つきのきだて
stops,stop_name,築木館,en,Tsukinokidate
stops,stop_name,矢田前,ja-Hrkt,やだまえ
stops,stop_name,矢田前,en,Yadamae
stops,stop_name,県立盲学校前,ja-Hrkt,けんりつもうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,県立盲学校前,en,Kenritsu Mo Gakko Mae
stops,stop_name,八重田通り,ja-Hrkt,やえだどおり
stops,stop_name,八重田通り,en,Yaeda Dori
stops,stop_name,後萢通り,ja-Hrkt,うしろやちどおり
stops,stop_name,後萢通り,en,Ushiroyachi Dori
stops,stop_name,ＪＡ青森支店前,ja-Hrkt,じぇいえいあおもりしてんまえ
stops,stop_name,ＪＡ青森支店前,en,J A Aomori Shiten Mae
stops,stop_name,岡造道大通り,ja-Hrkt,おかつくりみちおおどおり
stops,stop_name,岡造道大通り,en,Okatsukurimichi Odori
stops,stop_name,岡造道,ja-Hrkt,おかつくりみち
stops,stop_name,岡造道,en,Okatsukurimichi
stops,stop_name,小柳,ja-Hrkt,こやなぎ
stops,stop_name,小柳,en,Koyanagi
stops,stop_name,小柳団地入口,ja-Hrkt,こやなぎだんちいりぐち
stops,stop_name,小柳団地入口,en,Koyanagi Danchi Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,小柳小学校前,ja-Hrkt,こやなぎしょうがっこう
stops,stop_name,小柳小学校前,en,Koyanagi Shogakko Mae
stops,stop_name,小柳橋,ja-Hrkt,こやなぎばし
stops,stop_name,小柳橋,en,Koyanagi Bashi
stops,stop_name,明の星高校前,ja-Hrkt,あけのほしこうこうまえ
stops,stop_name,明の星高校前,en,Akenohoshi Koko Mae
stops,stop_name,東佃,ja-Hrkt,ひがしつくだ
stops,stop_name,東佃,en,Higashi Tsukuda
stops,stop_name,南佃,ja-Hrkt,みなみつくだ
stops,stop_name,南佃,en,Minami Tsukuda
stops,stop_name,県立保健大学前,ja-Hrkt,けんりつほけんだいがくまえ
stops,stop_name,県立保健大学前,en,Kenritsu Hoken Daigaku Mae
stops,stop_name,月見野入口,ja-Hrkt,つきみのいりぐち
stops,stop_name,月見野入口,en,Tsukimino Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,月見野,ja-Hrkt,つきみの
stops,stop_name,月見野,en,Tsukimino
stops,stop_name,戸山団地入口,ja-Hrkt,とやまだんちいりぐち
stops,stop_name,戸山団地入口,en,Toyama Danchi Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,戸山団地中央通り,ja-Hrkt,とやまだんちちゅうおうどうり
stops,stop_name,戸山団地中央通り,en,Toyama Danchi Chuo Dori
stops,stop_name,戸山中央公園前,ja-Hrkt,とやまちゅうおうこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,戸山中央公園前,en,Toyama Chuo Koen Mae
stops,stop_name,北蛍沢,ja-Hrkt,きたほたるざわ
stops,stop_name,北蛍沢,en,Kita Hotaruzawa
stops,stop_name,戸山西小学校前,ja-Hrkt,とやまにししょうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,戸山西小学校前,en,Toyama Nishi Shogakko Mae
stops,stop_name,戸山,ja-Hrkt,とやま
stops,stop_name,戸山,en,Toyama
stops,stop_name,戸崎,ja-Hrkt,とざき
stops,stop_name,戸崎,en,Tozaki
stops,stop_name,桑原,ja-Hrkt,くわばら
stops,stop_name,桑原,en,Kuwabara
stops,stop_name,佃中学校前,ja-Hrkt,つくだちゅうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,佃中学校前,en,Tsukuda Chugakko Mae
stops,stop_name,花園二丁目,ja-Hrkt,はなぞのにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,花園二丁目,en,Hanazono-nichome
stops,stop_name,福田,ja-Hrkt,ふくだ
stops,stop_name,福田,en,Fukuda
stops,stop_name,西佃,ja-Hrkt,にしつくだ
stops,stop_name,西佃,en,Nishi Tsukuda
stops,stop_name,松森,ja-Hrkt,まつもり
stops,stop_name,松森,en,Matsumori
stops,stop_name,佃,ja-Hrkt,つくだ
stops,stop_name,佃,en,Tsukuda
stops,stop_name,上松森,ja-Hrkt,かみまつもり
stops,stop_name,上松森,en,Kami Matsumori
stops,stop_name,古館,ja-Hrkt,ふるだて
stops,stop_name,古館,en,Furudate
stops,stop_name,浜館三丁目,ja-Hrkt,はまだてさんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,浜館三丁目,en,Hamadate-sanchome
stops,stop_name,平和公園前,ja-Hrkt,へいわこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,平和公園前,en,Heiwa Koen Mae
stops,stop_name,棟方志功記念館通り,ja-Hrkt,むなかたしこうきねんかんどおり
stops,stop_name,棟方志功記念館通り,en,Munakata Shiko Kinenkan Dori
stops,stop_name,松原三丁目,ja-Hrkt,まつばらさんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,松原三丁目,en,Matsubara-sanchome
stops,stop_name,奥野,ja-Hrkt,おくの
stops,stop_name,奥野,en,Okuno
stops,stop_name,筒井通り,ja-Hrkt,つついどおり
stops,stop_name,筒井通り,en,Tsutsui Dori
stops,stop_name,青森高校前,ja-Hrkt,あおもりこうこうまえ
stops,stop_name,青森高校前,en,Aomori Koko Mae
stops,stop_name,下筒井,ja-Hrkt,しもつつい
stops,stop_name,下筒井,en,Shimo Tsutsui
stops,stop_name,中筒井,ja-Hrkt,なかつつい
stops,stop_name,中筒井,en,Naka Tsutsui
stops,stop_name,古館十文字,ja-Hrkt,ふるだてじゅうもんじ
stops,stop_name,古館十文字,en,Furudate Jumonji
stops,stop_name,古館大柳,ja-Hrkt,ふるだておおやなぎ
stops,stop_name,古館大柳,en,Furudate Oyanagi
stops,stop_name,駒込見吉通り,ja-Hrkt,こまごめみよしどおり
stops,stop_name,駒込見吉通り,en,Komagome Miyoshi Dori
stops,stop_name,駒込,ja-Hrkt,こまごめ
stops,stop_name,駒込,en,Komagome
stops,stop_name,上筒井,ja-Hrkt,かみつつい
stops,stop_name,上筒井,en,Kami Tsutsui
stops,stop_name,幸畑唐崎,ja-Hrkt,こうばたからさき
stops,stop_name,幸畑唐崎,en,Kobata Karasaki
stops,stop_name,松元台団地,ja-Hrkt,まつもとだいだんち
stops,stop_name,松元台団地,en,Matsumotodai Danchi
stops,stop_name,幸畑,ja-Hrkt,こうばた
stops,stop_name,幸畑,en,Kobata
stops,stop_name,幸畑墓苑,ja-Hrkt,こうばたぼえん
stops,stop_name,幸畑墓苑,en,Kobata Boen
stops,stop_name,阿部野,ja-Hrkt,あべの
stops,stop_name,阿部野,en,Abeno
stops,stop_name,田茂木野入口,ja-Hrkt,たもぎのいりぐち
stops,stop_name,田茂木野入口,en,Tamogino Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,田茂木野公民館前,ja-Hrkt,たもぎのこうみんかんまえ
stops,stop_name,田茂木野公民館前,en,Tamogino Kominkan Mae
stops,stop_name,田茂木野,ja-Hrkt,たもぎの
stops,stop_name,田茂木野,en,Tamogino
stops,stop_name,桜川六丁目,ja-Hrkt,さくらがわろくちょうめ
stops,stop_name,桜川六丁目,en,Sakuragawa-rokuchome
stops,stop_name,桜川中央,ja-Hrkt,さくらがわちゅうおう
stops,stop_name,桜川中央,en,Sakuragawa Chuo
stops,stop_name,桜川三丁目,ja-Hrkt,さくらがわさんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,桜川三丁目,en,Sakuragawa-sanchome
stops,stop_name,桜川福祉館前,ja-Hrkt,さくらがわふくしかんまえ
stops,stop_name,桜川福祉館前,en,Sakuragawa Fukushikan Mae
stops,stop_name,働く女性の家前,ja-Hrkt,はたらくじょせいのいえまえ
stops,stop_name,働く女性の家前,en,Hataraku josei no ie Mae
stops,stop_name,市民病院前,ja-Hrkt,しみんびょういんまえ
stops,stop_name,市民病院前,en,Shimin Byoin Mae
stops,stop_name,自動車会議所前,ja-Hrkt,じどうしゃかいぎしょまえ
stops,stop_name,自動車会議所前,en,Jidosha Kaigisho Mae
stops,stop_name,桜川一丁目,ja-Hrkt,さくらがわいっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,桜川一丁目,en,Sakuragawa-itchome
stops,stop_name,みちのく銀行本店前,ja-Hrkt,みちのくぎんこうほんてんまえ
stops,stop_name,みちのく銀行本店前,en,Michinoku Ginko Honten Mae
stops,stop_name,サンロード青森前,ja-Hrkt,さんろーどあおもりまえ
stops,stop_name,サンロード青森前,en,SUNROAD Aomori Mae
stops,stop_name,DCM青森中央店前,ja-Hrkt,でぃしいえむあおもりちゅうおうてんまえ
stops,stop_name,DCM青森中央店前,en,DCM Aomori Chuoten Mae
stops,stop_name,下玉川,ja-Hrkt,しもたまかわ
stops,stop_name,下玉川,en,Shimo Tamakawa
stops,stop_name,上玉川,ja-Hrkt,かみたまかわ
stops,stop_name,上玉川,en,Kami Tamakawa
stops,stop_name,妙見,ja-Hrkt,みょうけん
stops,stop_name,妙見,en,Myoken
stops,stop_name,地域整備部前,ja-Hrkt,ちいきせいびぶまえ
stops,stop_name,地域整備部前,en,Chiiki Seibibu Mae
stops,stop_name,問屋町入口,ja-Hrkt,とんやまちいりぐち
stops,stop_name,問屋町入口,en,Tonyamachi Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,問屋町大通り,ja-Hrkt,とんやまちおおどおり
stops,stop_name,問屋町大通り,en,Ton'yamachi Odori
stops,stop_name,問屋町会館前,ja-Hrkt,とんやまちかいかんまえ
stops,stop_name,問屋町会館前,en,Tonyamachi Kaikan Mae
stops,stop_name,青森中央学院大学前,ja-Hrkt,あおもりちゅうおうがくいんだいがく
stops,stop_name,青森中央学院大学前,en,Aomori Chuo Gakuin Daigaku Mae
stops,stop_name,北野尻,ja-Hrkt,きたのじり
stops,stop_name,北野尻,en,Kita Nojiri
stops,stop_name,横内,ja-Hrkt,よこうち
stops,stop_name,横内,en,Yokouchi
stops,stop_name,新町野,ja-Hrkt,しんまちの
stops,stop_name,新町野,en,Shinmachino
stops,stop_name,斎場前,ja-Hrkt,さいじょうまえ
stops,stop_name,斎場前,en,Saijo Mae
stops,stop_name,流通団地,ja-Hrkt,りゅうつうだんち
stops,stop_name,流通団地,en,Ryutsu Danchi
stops,stop_name,青森大学前,ja-Hrkt,あおもりだいがくまえ
stops,stop_name,青森大学前,en,Aomori Daigaku Mae
stops,stop_name,幸畑団地西口,ja-Hrkt,こうばただんちにしぐち
stops,stop_name,幸畑団地西口,en,Kobata Danchi Nishiguchi
stops,stop_name,幸畑団地,ja-Hrkt,こうばただんち
stops,stop_name,幸畑団地,en,Kobata Danchi
stops,stop_name,幸畑団地東通り,ja-Hrkt,こうばただんちひがしどおり
stops,stop_name,幸畑団地東通り,en,Kobata Danchi Higashi Dori
stops,stop_name,大矢沢公民館前,ja-Hrkt,おおやさわこうみんかんまえ
stops,stop_name,大矢沢公民館前,en,Oyasawa Kominkan Mae
stops,stop_name,四ッ石,ja-Hrkt,よついし
stops,stop_name,四ッ石,en,Yotsuishi
stops,stop_name,南奥野,ja-Hrkt,みなみおくの
stops,stop_name,南奥野,en,Minami Okuno
stops,stop_name,南中学校,ja-Hrkt,みなみちゅうがっこう
stops,stop_name,南中学校,en,Minami Chugakko
stops,stop_name,やはぎ,ja-Hrkt,やはぎ
stops,stop_name,やはぎ,en,Yahagi
stops,stop_name,八ッ役,ja-Hrkt,やつやく
stops,stop_name,八ッ役,en,Yatsuyaku
stops,stop_name,南旭町,ja-Hrkt,みなみあさひちょう
stops,stop_name,南旭町,en,Minami Asahicho
stops,stop_name,常盤町,ja-Hrkt,ときわちょう
stops,stop_name,常盤町,en,Tokiwacho
stops,stop_name,甲田町,ja-Hrkt,こうだちょう
stops,stop_name,甲田町,en,Kodacho
stops,stop_name,甲田中学校通り,ja-Hrkt,こうだちゅうがっこうどおり
stops,stop_name,甲田中学校通り,en,Koda Chugakko Dori
stops,stop_name,南片岡,ja-Hrkt,みなみかたおか
stops,stop_name,南片岡,en,Minami Kataoka
stops,stop_name,大野十文字,ja-Hrkt,おおのじゅうもんじ
stops,stop_name,大野十文字,en,Ono Jumonji
stops,stop_name,中央高校前,ja-Hrkt,ちゅうおうこうこうまえ
stops,stop_name,中央高校前,en,Chuo Koko Mae
stops,stop_name,農協会館前,ja-Hrkt,のうきょうかいかんまえ
stops,stop_name,農協会館前,en,Nokyo Kaikan Mae
stops,stop_name,中大野,ja-Hrkt,なかおおの
stops,stop_name,中大野,en,Naka Ono
stops,stop_name,大野市民センター前,ja-Hrkt,おおのしみんせんたーまえ
stops,stop_name,大野市民センター前,en,Ono Shimin Center Mae
stops,stop_name,下山下,ja-Hrkt,しもやました
stops,stop_name,下山下,en,Shimo Yamashita
stops,stop_name,大野山下,ja-Hrkt,おおのやました
stops,stop_name,大野山下,en,Ono Yamashita
stops,stop_name,大野,ja-Hrkt,おおの
stops,stop_name,大野,en,Ono
stops,stop_name,大野前田,ja-Hrkt,おおのまえだ
stops,stop_name,大野前田,en,Ono Maeda
stops,stop_name,青森刑務所前,ja-Hrkt,あおもりけいむしょまえ
stops,stop_name,青森刑務所前,en,Aomori Keimusho Mae
stops,stop_name,荒川柴田,ja-Hrkt,あらかわしばた
stops,stop_name,荒川柴田,en,Arakawa Shibata
stops,stop_name,荒川市民センター前,ja-Hrkt,あらかわしみんせんたーまえ
stops,stop_name,荒川市民センター前,en,Arakawa Shimin Center Mae
stops,stop_name,荒川十文字,ja-Hrkt,あらかわじゅうもんじ
stops,stop_name,荒川十文字,en,Arakawa Jumonji
stops,stop_name,荒川中学校前,ja-Hrkt,あらかわちゅうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,荒川中学校前,en,Arakawa Chugakko Mae
stops,stop_name,上野十文字,ja-Hrkt,うわのじゅうもんじ
stops,stop_name,上野十文字,en,Uwano Jumonji
stops,stop_name,上野,ja-Hrkt,うわの
stops,stop_name,上野,en,Uwano
stops,stop_name,やはぎ宿舎前,ja-Hrkt,やはぎしゅくしゃまえ
stops,stop_name,やはぎ宿舎前,en,Yahagi Shukusha Mae
stops,stop_name,金浜精米所前,ja-Hrkt,かねはませいまいしょまえ
stops,stop_name,金浜精米所前,en,Kanehama Seimaisho Mae
stops,stop_name,金浜,ja-Hrkt,かねはま
stops,stop_name,金浜,en,Kanehama
stops,stop_name,高田通り,ja-Hrkt,たかだどおり
stops,stop_name,高田通り,en,Takada Dori
stops,stop_name,金浜小学校前,ja-Hrkt,かねはまちょうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,金浜小学校前,en,Kanehama Shogakko Mae
stops,stop_name,野木野尻,ja-Hrkt,のぎのじり
stops,stop_name,野木野尻,en,Nogi Nojiri
stops,stop_name,野木,ja-Hrkt,のぎ
stops,stop_name,野木,en,Nogi
stops,stop_name,大別内,ja-Hrkt,おべつない
stops,stop_name,大別内,en,Obetsunai
stops,stop_name,中野内,ja-Hrkt,なかのない
stops,stop_name,中野内,en,Naka Nonai
stops,stop_name,古川小学校前,ja-Hrkt,ふるかわしょうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,古川小学校前,en,Furukawa Shogakko Mae
stops,stop_name,古川中学校前,ja-Hrkt,ふるかわちゅうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,古川中学校前,en,Furukawa Chugakko Mae
stops,stop_name,久須志四丁目,ja-Hrkt,くすしよんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,久須志四丁目,en,Kusushi-yonchome
stops,stop_name,富永,ja-Hrkt,とみなが
stops,stop_name,富永,en,Tominaga
stops,stop_name,浪館前田,ja-Hrkt,なみだてまえだ
stops,stop_name,浪館前田,en,Namidate Maeda
stops,stop_name,浪館,ja-Hrkt,なみだて
stops,stop_name,浪館,en,Namidate
stops,stop_name,金沢小学校前,ja-Hrkt,かなざわしょうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,金沢小学校前,en,Kanazawa Shogakko Mae
stops,stop_name,金沢小学校通り,ja-Hrkt,かなざわしょうがっこうどおり
stops,stop_name,金沢小学校通り,en,Kanazawa Shogakko Dori
stops,stop_name,自衛隊前,ja-Hrkt,じえいたいまえ
stops,stop_name,自衛隊前,en,Jieitai Mae
stops,stop_name,総合運動公園前,ja-Hrkt,そうごううんどうこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,総合運動公園前,en,Sogo Undo Koen Mae
stops,stop_name,慈恵会病院前,ja-Hrkt,じけいかいびょういんまえ
stops,stop_name,慈恵会病院前,en,Jikeikai Byoin Mae
stops,stop_name,安田近野,ja-Hrkt,やすたちかの
stops,stop_name,安田近野,en,Yasuta Chikano
stops,stop_name,上安田,ja-Hrkt,かみやすた
stops,stop_name,上安田,en,Kami Yasuta
stops,stop_name,下細越,ja-Hrkt,しもほそごえ
stops,stop_name,下細越,en,Shimo Hosogoe
stops,stop_name,細越公民館前,ja-Hrkt,ほそごえこうみんかんまえ
stops,stop_name,細越公民館前,en,Hosogoe Kominkan Mae
stops,stop_name,中細越,ja-Hrkt,なかほそごえ
stops,stop_name,中細越,en,Naka Hosogoe
stops,stop_name,上細越,ja-Hrkt,かみほそごえ
stops,stop_name,上細越,en,Kami Hosogoe
stops,stop_name,細越,ja-Hrkt,ほそごえ
stops,stop_name,細越,en,Hosogoe
stops,stop_name,里見一丁目,ja-Hrkt,さとみいっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,里見一丁目,en,Satomi-itchome
stops,stop_name,上古川,ja-Hrkt,かみふるかわ
stops,stop_name,上古川,en,Kami Furukawa
stops,stop_name,西上古川,ja-Hrkt,にしかみふるかわ
stops,stop_name,西上古川,en,Nishi Kami Furukawa
stops,stop_name,西滝,ja-Hrkt,にしたき
stops,stop_name,西滝,en,Nishitaki
stops,stop_name,ヤクルト前,ja-Hrkt,やくるとまえ
stops,stop_name,ヤクルト前,en,Yakult Mae
stops,stop_name,三内稲元,ja-Hrkt,さんないいなもと
stops,stop_name,三内稲元,en,Sannai Inamoto
stops,stop_name,下三内,ja-Hrkt,しもさんない
stops,stop_name,下三内,en,Shimo Sannai
stops,stop_name,中三内,ja-Hrkt,なかさんない
stops,stop_name,中三内,en,Naka Sannai
stops,stop_name,上三内,ja-Hrkt,かみさんない
stops,stop_name,上三内,en,Kami Sannai
stops,stop_name,三内温泉前,ja-Hrkt,さんないおんせんまえ
stops,stop_name,三内温泉前,en,Sannai Onsen Mae
stops,stop_name,つくしが丘病院前,ja-Hrkt,つくしがおかびょういんまえ
stops,stop_name,つくしが丘病院前,en,Tsukushigaoka Byoin Mae
stops,stop_name,牧場前,ja-Hrkt,ぼくじょうまえ
stops,stop_name,牧場前,en,Bokujo Mae
stops,stop_name,高峰,ja-Hrkt,たかみね
stops,stop_name,高峰,en,Takamine
stops,stop_name,岩渡,ja-Hrkt,いわたり
stops,stop_name,岩渡,en,Iwatari
stops,stop_name,マツダ自動車前,ja-Hrkt,まつだじどうしゃまえ
stops,stop_name,マツダ自動車前,en,Mazda Jidosha Mae
stops,stop_name,あすなろセンター前,ja-Hrkt,あすなろせんたーまえ
stops,stop_name,あすなろセンター前,en,Asunaro Center Mae
stops,stop_name,石江,ja-Hrkt,いしえ
stops,stop_name,石江,en,Ishie
stops,stop_name,三内霊園入口,ja-Hrkt,さんないれいえんいりぐち
stops,stop_name,三内霊園入口,en,Sannai Reien Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,松丘保養園前,ja-Hrkt,まつおかほようえんまえ
stops,stop_name,松丘保養園前,en,Matsuoka Hoyoen Mae
stops,stop_name,西高校前,ja-Hrkt,にしこうこうまえ
stops,stop_name,西高校前,en,Nishi Koko Mae
stops,stop_name,西部市民センター前,ja-Hrkt,せいぶしみんせんたーまえ
stops,stop_name,西部市民センター前,en,Seibu Shimin Center Mae
stops,stop_name,新城駅前,ja-Hrkt,しんじょうえきまえ
stops,stop_name,新城駅前,en,Shinjo Sta. Mae
stops,stop_name,天狗立,ja-Hrkt,てんぐだて
stops,stop_name,天狗立,en,Tengudate
stops,stop_name,平岡大橋,ja-Hrkt,ひらおかおおはし
stops,stop_name,平岡大橋,en,Hiraoka Ohashi
stops,stop_name,西部営業所,ja-Hrkt,せいぶえいぎょうしょ
stops,stop_name,西部営業所,en,Seibu Eigyosho
stops,stop_name,白旗野,ja-Hrkt,しらはたの
stops,stop_name,白旗野,en,Shirahatano
stops,stop_name,戸門見通,ja-Hrkt,とかどみとり
stops,stop_name,戸門見通,en,Tokado Mitori
stops,stop_name,自衛隊宿舎入口,ja-Hrkt,じえいたいしゅくしゃいりぐち
stops,stop_name,自衛隊宿舎入口,en,Jieitai Shukusha Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,駅西口通り,ja-Hrkt,えきにしぐちどおり
stops,stop_name,駅西口通り,en,Eki Nishiguchi Dori
stops,stop_name,森林博物館前,ja-Hrkt,しんりんはくぶつかんまえ
stops,stop_name,森林博物館前,en,Shinrin Hakubutsukan Mae
stops,stop_name,沖館仲通り,ja-Hrkt,おきだてなかどおり
stops,stop_name,沖館仲通り,en,Okidate Nakadori
stops,stop_name,沖館消防分署前,ja-Hrkt,おきだてしょうぼうぶんしょまえ
stops,stop_name,沖館消防分署前,en,Okidate Shobo Bunsho Mae
stops,stop_name,沖館,ja-Hrkt,おきだて
stops,stop_name,沖館,en,Okidate
stops,stop_name,森林管理局宿舎前,ja-Hrkt,しんりんかんりきょくしゅくしゃまえ
stops,stop_name,森林管理局宿舎前,en,Shinrin Kanrikyoku Shukusha Mae
stops,stop_name,新田,ja-Hrkt,にった
stops,stop_name,新田,en,Nitta
stops,stop_name,木材港前,ja-Hrkt,もくざいこうまえ
stops,stop_name,木材港前,en,Mokuzaiko Mae
stops,stop_name,油川新井田,ja-Hrkt,あぶらかわにいだ
stops,stop_name,油川新井田,en,Aburakawa Niida
stops,stop_name,油川下町,ja-Hrkt,あぶらかわしもまち
stops,stop_name,油川下町,en,Aburakawa Shimomachi
stops,stop_name,油川浪返,ja-Hrkt,あぶらかわなみがえし
stops,stop_name,油川浪返,en,Aburakawa Namigaeshi
stops,stop_name,浄満寺前,ja-Hrkt,じょうまんじまえ
stops,stop_name,浄満寺前,en,Jomanji Mae
stops,stop_name,油川仲町,ja-Hrkt,あぶらかわなかまち
stops,stop_name,油川仲町,en,Aburakawa Nakamachi
stops,stop_name,厚生病院前,ja-Hrkt,こうせいびょういんまえ
stops,stop_name,厚生病院前,en,Kose Byoin Mae
stops,stop_name,油川中学校通り,ja-Hrkt,あぶらかわちゅうがっこうどおり
stops,stop_name,油川中学校通り,en,Aburakawa Chugakko Dori
stops,stop_name,油川中学校前,ja-Hrkt,あぶらかわちゅうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,油川中学校前,en,Aburakawa Chugakko Mae
stops,stop_name,北高校前,ja-Hrkt,きたこうこうまえ
stops,stop_name,北高校前,en,Kita Koko Mae
stops,stop_name,油川市民センター前,ja-Hrkt,あぶらかわしみんせんたーまえ
stops,stop_name,油川市民センター前,en,Aburakawa Shimin Center Mae
stops,stop_name,新生町,ja-Hrkt,しんせいちょう
stops,stop_name,新生町,en,Shinseicho
stops,stop_name,野木和団地,ja-Hrkt,のぎわだんち
stops,stop_name,野木和団地,en,Nogiwa Danchi
stops,stop_name,十三森,ja-Hrkt,じゅうさんもり
stops,stop_name,十三森,en,Jusanmori
stops,stop_name,油川駅通り,ja-Hrkt,あぶらかわえきどおり
stops,stop_name,油川駅通り,en,Aburakawa Sta. Dori
stops,stop_name,西田沢,ja-Hrkt,にしたざわ
stops,stop_name,西田沢,en,Nishitazawa
stops,stop_name,西田沢浜田,ja-Hrkt,にしたざわはまだ
stops,stop_name,西田沢浜田,en,Nishitazawa Hamada
stops,stop_name,夏井田,ja-Hrkt,なついだ
stops,stop_name,夏井田,en,Natsuida
stops,stop_name,旧西田沢小学校前,ja-Hrkt,きゅうにしたざわしょうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,旧西田沢小学校前,en,Nishitazawa Shogakko Mae
stops,stop_name,飛鳥,ja-Hrkt,あすか
stops,stop_name,飛鳥,en,Asuka
stops,stop_name,瀬戸子,ja-Hrkt,せとし
stops,stop_name,瀬戸子,en,Setoshi
stops,stop_name,奥内支所前,ja-Hrkt,おくないししょまえ
stops,stop_name,奥内支所前,en,Okunai Shisho Mae
stops,stop_name,奥内宮田,ja-Hrkt,おくないみやた
stops,stop_name,奥内宮田,en,Okunai Miyata
stops,stop_name,奥内局前,ja-Hrkt,おくないきょくまえ
stops,stop_name,奥内局前,en,Okunai Kyoku Mae
stops,stop_name,前田,ja-Hrkt,まえだ
stops,stop_name,前田,en,Maeda
stops,stop_name,前田湯の沢,ja-Hrkt,まえだゆのさわ
stops,stop_name,前田湯の沢,en,Maeda Yunosawa
stops,stop_name,北小学校前,ja-Hrkt,きたしょうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,北小学校前,en,Okunai Shogakko Mae
stops,stop_name,奥内駅前,ja-Hrkt,おくないえきまえ
stops,stop_name,奥内駅前,en,Okunai Sta. Mae
stops,stop_name,清水浜元,ja-Hrkt,しみずはまもと
stops,stop_name,清水浜元,en,Shimizu Hamamoto
stops,stop_name,内真部,ja-Hrkt,うちまんべ
stops,stop_name,内真部,en,Uchimanbe
stops,stop_name,内真部岸田,ja-Hrkt,うちまんべきした
stops,stop_name,内真部岸田,en,Uchimanbe Kishita
stops,stop_name,左堰,ja-Hrkt,ひだりせき
stops,stop_name,左堰,en,Hidariseki
stops,stop_name,左堰製材所前,ja-Hrkt,ひだりせきせいざいしょまえ
stops,stop_name,左堰製材所前,en,Hidariseki Seizaisho Mae
stops,stop_name,小橋,ja-Hrkt,こばし
stops,stop_name,小橋,en,Kobashi
stops,stop_name,小橋稲田,ja-Hrkt,こばしいなだ
stops,stop_name,小橋稲田,en,Kobashi Inada
stops,stop_name,小橋田川,ja-Hrkt,こばしたがわ
stops,stop_name,小橋田川,en,Kobashi Tagawa
stops,stop_name,後潟支所前,ja-Hrkt,うしろがたししょまえ
stops,stop_name,後潟支所前,en,Ushirogata Shisho Mae
stops,stop_name,後潟大原,ja-Hrkt,うしろがたおおはら
stops,stop_name,後潟大原,en,Ushirogata Ohara
stops,stop_name,後潟平野,ja-Hrkt,うしろがたひらの
stops,stop_name,後潟平野,en,Ushirogata Hirano
stops,stop_name,後潟高島前,ja-Hrkt,うしろがたたかしままえ
stops,stop_name,後潟高島前,en,Ushirogata Takashima Mae
stops,stop_name,後潟磯部,ja-Hrkt,うしろがたいそべ
stops,stop_name,後潟磯部,en,Ushirogata Isobe
stops,stop_name,浄水場入口,ja-Hrkt,じょうすいじょういりぐち
stops,stop_name,浄水場入口,en,Josuijo Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,亀井,ja-Hrkt,かめい
stops,stop_name,亀井,en,Kamei
stops,stop_name,芙蓉会病院前,ja-Hrkt,ふようかいびょういんまえ
stops,stop_name,芙蓉会病院前,en,Fuyokai Byoin Mae
stops,stop_name,雲谷,ja-Hrkt,もや
stops,stop_name,雲谷,en,Moya
stops,stop_name,沢山,ja-Hrkt,さわやま
stops,stop_name,沢山,en,Sawayama
stops,stop_name,蛍ヶ丘,ja-Hrkt,ほたるがおか
stops,stop_name,蛍ヶ丘,en,Hotarugaoka
stops,stop_name,戸山東公園前,ja-Hrkt,とやまひがしこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,戸山東公園前,en,Toyama Higashi Koen Mae
stops,stop_name,戸山北公園前,ja-Hrkt,とやまきたこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,戸山北公園前,en,Toyama Kita Koen Mae
stops,stop_name,戸山団地北赤坂市民館前,ja-Hrkt,とやまだんちきたあかさかしみんかんまえ
stops,stop_name,戸山団地北赤坂市民館前,en,Toyama Danchi Kitaakasaka Shiminkan Mae
stops,stop_name,平和台団地,ja-Hrkt,へいわだいだんち
stops,stop_name,平和台団地,en,Heiwadai Danchi
stops,stop_name,ガーラタウン前,ja-Hrkt,がーらたうんまえ
stops,stop_name,ガーラタウン前,en,GALATOWN Ⅿāe
stops,stop_name,西郵便局前,ja-Hrkt,にしゆうびんきょくまえ
stops,stop_name,西郵便局前,en,Nishi Yubinkyoku Mae
stops,stop_name,東保健所前,ja-Hrkt,ひがしほけんじょまえ
stops,stop_name,東保健所前,en,Higashi Hokenjo Mae
stops,stop_name,第二問屋町,ja-Hrkt,だいにとんやまち
stops,stop_name,第二問屋町,en,Dai Ni Tonyamachi
stops,stop_name,戸山団地南,ja-Hrkt,とやまだんちみなみ
stops,stop_name,戸山団地南,en,Toyama Danchi Minami
stops,stop_name,藤老人ホーム前,ja-Hrkt,ふじろうじんほーむまえ
stops,stop_name,藤老人ホーム前,en,Fuji Rojin Home Mae
stops,stop_name,柳町通り,ja-Hrkt,やなぎまちどおり
stops,stop_name,柳町通り,en,Yanagimachi Dori
stops,stop_name,スケート場,ja-Hrkt,すけーとじょう
stops,stop_name,スケート場,en,Skate Jo
stops,stop_name,幸畑市民館前,ja-Hrkt,こうばたしみんかんまえ
stops,stop_name,幸畑市民館前,en,Kobata Shiminkan Mae
stops,stop_name,流通団地入口,ja-Hrkt,りゅうつうだんちいりぐち
stops,stop_name,流通団地入口,en,Ryutsu Danchi Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,白旗野通り,ja-Hrkt,しらはたのどおり
stops,stop_name,白旗野通り,en,Shirahatano Dori
stops,stop_name,浅虫水族館前,ja-Hrkt,あさむしすいぞくかんまえ
stops,stop_name,浅虫水族館前,en,Asamushi Suizokukan Mae
stops,stop_name,浜館一丁目,ja-Hrkt,はまだていっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,浜館一丁目,en,Hamadate-itchome
stops,stop_name,袰懸団地,ja-Hrkt,ほろがけだんち
stops,stop_name,袰懸団地,en,Horogake Danchi
stops,stop_name,金沢,ja-Hrkt,かなざわ
stops,stop_name,金沢,en,Kanazawa
stops,stop_name,南高校通り,ja-Hrkt,みなみこうこうどおり
stops,stop_name,南高校通り,en,Minami Koko Dori
stops,stop_name,南高校前,ja-Hrkt,みなみこうこうまえ
stops,stop_name,南高校前,en,Minami Koko Mae
stops,stop_name,いちい荘前,ja-Hrkt,いちいそうまえ
stops,stop_name,いちい荘前,en,Ichiiso Mae
stops,stop_name,昭和大仏,ja-Hrkt,しょうわだいぶつ
stops,stop_name,昭和大仏,en,Showa Daibutsu
stops,stop_name,社会教育センター前,ja-Hrkt,しゃかいきょういくせんたーまえ
stops,stop_name,社会教育センター前,en,Shakai Kyoiku Center Mae
stops,stop_name,上野山辺,ja-Hrkt,うわのやまべ
stops,stop_name,上野山辺,en,Uwano Yamabe
stops,stop_name,後潟,ja-Hrkt,うしろがた
stops,stop_name,後潟,en,Ushirogata
stops,stop_name,サンドーム前,ja-Hrkt,さんどーむまえ
stops,stop_name,サンドーム前,en,Sun Dome Mae
stops,stop_name,片岡,ja-Hrkt,かたおか
stops,stop_name,片岡,en,Kataoka
stops,stop_name,産業会館前,ja-Hrkt,さんぎょうかいかんまえ
stops,stop_name,産業会館前,en,Sangyo Kaikan Mae
stops,stop_name,駅西口,ja-Hrkt,えきにしぐち
stops,stop_name,駅西口,en,Aomori Sta.nishiguchi
stops,stop_name,南部工業団地入口,ja-Hrkt,なんぶこうぎょうだんちいりぐち
stops,stop_name,南部工業団地入口,en,Nanbu Kogyo Danchi Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,南部工業団地,ja-Hrkt,なんぶこうぎょうだんち
stops,stop_name,南部工業団地,en,Nanbu Kogyo Danchi
stops,stop_name,滝内,ja-Hrkt,たきうち
stops,stop_name,滝内,en,Takiuchi
stops,stop_name,浅虫温泉駅前,ja-Hrkt,あさむしおんせんえきまえ
stops,stop_name,浅虫温泉駅前,en,Asamushi Onsen Sta. Mae
stops,stop_name,小金沢,ja-Hrkt,こがねざわ
stops,stop_name,小金沢,en,Koganezawa
stops,stop_name,青森変電所前,ja-Hrkt,あおもりへんでんしょまえ
stops,stop_name,青森変電所前,en,Aomori Hendensho Mae
stops,stop_name,健康ランド前,ja-Hrkt,けんこうらんどまえ
stops,stop_name,健康ランド前,en,Kenko Land Mae
stops,stop_name,橋本小学校前,ja-Hrkt,はしもとしょうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,橋本小学校前,en,Hashimoto Shogakko Mae
stops,stop_name,青森朝日放送前,ja-Hrkt,あおもりあさひほうそうまえ
stops,stop_name,青森朝日放送前,en,Aomori Asahi Hoso Mae
stops,stop_name,森の広場前,ja-Hrkt,もりのひろばまえ
stops,stop_name,森の広場前,en,Mori no hiroba Mae
stops,stop_name,三内霊園南口,ja-Hrkt,さんないれいえんみなみぐち
stops,stop_name,三内霊園南口,en,Sannai Reien Minamiguchi
stops,stop_name,野木和公園入口,ja-Hrkt,のぎわこうえんいりぐち
stops,stop_name,野木和公園入口,en,Nogiwa Koen Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,羽白沢田,ja-Hrkt,はじろさわだ
stops,stop_name,羽白沢田,en,Hajiro Sawada
stops,stop_name,上築木館,ja-Hrkt,かみつきのきだて
stops,stop_name,上築木館,en,Kami Tsukinokidate
stops,stop_name,運転免許センター,ja-Hrkt,うんてんめんきょせんたー
stops,stop_name,運転免許センター,en,Unten Menkyo Center
stops,stop_name,野木宿舎前,ja-Hrkt,のぎしゅくしゃまえ
stops,stop_name,野木宿舎前,en,Nogi Shukusha Mae
stops,stop_name,元気プラザ前,ja-Hrkt,げんきぷらざまえ
stops,stop_name,元気プラザ前,en,Genki Plaza Mae
stops,stop_name,中央大橋通り,ja-Hrkt,ちゅうおうおおはしどおり
stops,stop_name,中央大橋通り,en,Chuo Ohashi Dori
stops,stop_name,三内丸山遺跡前,ja-Hrkt,さんないまるやまいせきまえ
stops,stop_name,三内丸山遺跡前,en,Sannai Maruyama Iseki Mae
stops,stop_name,はまだて公園前,ja-Hrkt,はまだてこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,はまだて公園前,en,Hamadate Koen Mae
stops,stop_name,自由ヶ丘一丁目,ja-Hrkt,じゆうがおかいっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,自由ヶ丘一丁目,en,Jiyugaoka-itchome
stops,stop_name,自由ヶ丘二丁目,ja-Hrkt,じゆうがおかにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,自由ヶ丘二丁目,en,Jiyugaoka-nichome
stops,stop_name,青森山田中学・高校前,ja-Hrkt,あおもりやまだちゅうがくこうこうまえ
stops,stop_name,青森山田中学・高校前,en,Aomori Yamada Chugaku Koko Mae
stops,stop_name,虹ケ丘一丁目,ja-Hrkt,にじがおかいっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,虹ケ丘一丁目,en,Nijigaoka-itchome
stops,stop_name,しあわせプラザ前,ja-Hrkt,しあわせぷらざまえ
stops,stop_name,しあわせプラザ前,en,Shiawase Plaza Mae
stops,stop_name,牛館屯所前,ja-Hrkt,うしだてとんしょまえ
stops,stop_name,牛館屯所前,en,Ushidate Tonsho Mae
stops,stop_name,牛館,ja-Hrkt,うしだて
stops,stop_name,牛館,en,Ushidate
stops,stop_name,緑ヶ丘団地入口,ja-Hrkt,みどりがおかだんちいりぐち
stops,stop_name,緑ヶ丘団地入口,en,Midorigaoka Danchi Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,緑ヶ丘団地公園,ja-Hrkt,みどりがおかだんちこうえん
stops,stop_name,緑ヶ丘団地公園,en,Midorigaoka Danchi Koen
stops,stop_name,緑ヶ丘団地,ja-Hrkt,みどりがおかだんち
stops,stop_name,緑ヶ丘団地,en,Midorigaoka Danchi
stops,stop_name,モヤ高原,ja-Hrkt,もやこうげん
stops,stop_name,モヤ高原,en,Moya Kogen
stops,stop_name,浅虫温泉森林公園前,ja-Hrkt,あさむしおんせんしんりんこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,浅虫温泉森林公園前,en,Asamushi Onsen Shinrin Koen Mae
stops,stop_name,学校教育センター前,ja-Hrkt,がっこうきょういくせんたーまえ
stops,stop_name,学校教育センター前,en,Gakko Kyoiku Center Mae
stops,stop_name,モヤヒルズ,ja-Hrkt,もやひるず
stops,stop_name,モヤヒルズ,en,Moya Hills
stops,stop_name,浜館四丁目,ja-Hrkt,はまだてよんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,浜館四丁目,en,Hamadate-yonchome
stops,stop_name,青葉台団地入口,ja-Hrkt,あおばだいだんちいりぐち
stops,stop_name,青葉台団地入口,en,Aobadai Danchi Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,東部営業所,ja-Hrkt,とうぶえいぎょうしょ
stops,stop_name,東部営業所,en,Tobu Eigyosho
stops,stop_name,西部工業団地入口,ja-Hrkt,せいぶこうぎょうだんちいりぐち
stops,stop_name,西部工業団地入口,en,Seibu Kogyo Danchi Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,西部工業団地,ja-Hrkt,せいぶこうぎょうだんち
stops,stop_name,西部工業団地,en,Seibu Kogyo Danchi
stops,stop_name,第二養護学校前,ja-Hrkt,だいにようごがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,第二養護学校前,en,Dai Ni Yogo Gakko Mae
stops,stop_name,奥野二丁目,ja-Hrkt,おくのにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,奥野二丁目,en,Okuno-nichome
stops,stop_name,シーナシーナ青森前,ja-Hrkt,しーなしーなあおもりまえ
stops,stop_name,シーナシーナ青森前,en,CiiNA CiiNA Aomori Mae
stops,stop_name,大野小学校通り,ja-Hrkt,おおのしょうがっこうどおり
stops,stop_name,大野小学校通り,en,Ono Shogakko Dori
stops,stop_name,中央二丁目南,ja-Hrkt,ちゅうおうにちょうめみなみ
stops,stop_name,中央二丁目南,en,Chuo-nichome Minami
stops,stop_name,ハローワーク青森,ja-Hrkt,はろーわーくあおもり
stops,stop_name,ハローワーク青森,en,Hello Work Aomori
stops,stop_name,アピオあおもり前,ja-Hrkt,あぴおあおもりまえ
stops,stop_name,アピオあおもり前,en,Apio Aomori Mae
stops,stop_name,県民福祉プラザ前,ja-Hrkt,けんみんふくしぷらざまえ
stops,stop_name,県民福祉プラザ前,en,Kenmin Fukushi Plaza Mae
stops,stop_name,大野若宮,ja-Hrkt,おおのわかみや
stops,stop_name,大野若宮,en,Ono Wakamiya
stops,stop_name,仙寿鶴亀温泉前,ja-Hrkt,せんじゅつるかめおんせんまえ
stops,stop_name,仙寿鶴亀温泉前,en,Senju Tsurukame Onsen Mae
stops,stop_name,幸畑小学校前,ja-Hrkt,こうばたしょうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,幸畑小学校前,en,Kobata Shogakko Mae
stops,stop_name,市民病院通り,ja-Hrkt,しみんびょういんとお
stops,stop_name,市民病院通り,en,Shimin Byoin Dori
stops,stop_name,平新田児童館前,ja-Hrkt,たいらしんでんじどうかんまえ
stops,stop_name,平新田児童館前,en,Tairashinden Jidokan Mae
stops,stop_name,平新田森越,ja-Hrkt,たいらしんでんもりこ
stops,stop_name,平新田森越,en,Tairashinden Morikoshi
stops,stop_name,八甲通り,ja-Hrkt,はっこうどおり
stops,stop_name,八甲通り,en,Hakko Dori
stops,stop_name,西中学校入口,ja-Hrkt,にしちゅうがっこうとおり
stops,stop_name,西中学校入口,en,Nishi Chuugakkou Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,台徳寺前,ja-Hrkt,だいとくじまえ
stops,stop_name,台徳寺前,en,Daitokuji Mae
stops,stop_name,青森公立大学前,ja-Hrkt,あおもりこうりつだいがくまえ
stops,stop_name,青森公立大学前,en,Aomori Koritsu Daigaku Mae
stops,stop_name,東跨線橋,ja-Hrkt,ひがしこせんきょう
stops,stop_name,東跨線橋,en,Higashi Kosenkyo
stops,stop_name,八幡林,ja-Hrkt,やはたばやし
stops,stop_name,八幡林,en,Yahatabayashi
stops,stop_name,県立美術館前,ja-Hrkt,けんりつびじゅつかんまえ
stops,stop_name,県立美術館前,en,Kenritsu Bijutsukan Mae
stops,stop_name,三内西小学校前,ja-Hrkt,さんないにししょうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,三内西小学校前,en,Sannai Nishi Shogakko Mae
stops,stop_name,丸山市民館前,ja-Hrkt,まるやましみんかんまえ
stops,stop_name,丸山市民館前,en,Maruyama Shiminkan Mae
stops,stop_name,ダイハツ石江店前,ja-Hrkt,だいはついしえてんまえ
stops,stop_name,ダイハツ石江店前,en,DAIHATSU Ishieten Mae
stops,stop_name,西近野,ja-Hrkt,にしちかの
stops,stop_name,西近野,en,Nishi Chikano
stops,stop_name,桜川七丁目,ja-Hrkt,さくらがわななちょうめ
stops,stop_name,桜川七丁目,en,Sakuragawa-nanachome
stops,stop_name,新青森駅南口,ja-Hrkt,しんあおもりえきみなみぐち
stops,stop_name,新青森駅南口,en,Shin Aomori Sta. Minamiguchi
stops,stop_name,新青森駅東口,ja-Hrkt,しんあおもりえきひがしぐち
stops,stop_name,新青森駅東口,en,Shin Aomori Sta. Higashiguchi
stops,stop_name,工業高校前,ja-Hrkt,こうぎょうこうこうまえ
stops,stop_name,工業高校前,en,Kogyo Koko Mae
stops,stop_name,自治研修所前,ja-Hrkt,じちけんしゅうじょまえ
stops,stop_name,自治研修所前,en,Jichi Kenshujo Mae
stops,stop_name,岡部,ja-Hrkt,おかべ
stops,stop_name,岡部,en,Okabe
stops,stop_name,前田通り,ja-Hrkt,まえだどおり
stops,stop_name,前田通り,en,Maeda Dori
stops,stop_name,筒井駅前,ja-Hrkt,つついえきまえ
stops,stop_name,筒井駅前,en,Tsutsui Sta. Mae
stops,stop_name,栄山,ja-Hrkt,さかえやま
stops,stop_name,栄山,en,Sakaeyama
stops,stop_name,桜峰,ja-Hrkt,さくらみね
stops,stop_name,桜峰,en,Sakuramine
stops,stop_name,上六枚橋,ja-Hrkt,かみろくまいばし
stops,stop_name,上六枚橋,en,Kami Rokumaibashi
stops,stop_name,三内,ja-Hrkt,さんない
stops,stop_name,三内,en,Sannai
stops,stop_name,滝内福祉館前,ja-Hrkt,たきうちふくしかんまえ
stops,stop_name,滝内福祉館前,en,Takiuchi Fukushikan Mae
stops,stop_name,商業高校前,ja-Hrkt,しょうぎょうこうこうまえ
stops,stop_name,商業高校前,en,Shogyo Koko Mae
stops,stop_name,商業高校通り,ja-Hrkt,しょうぎょうこうこうどおり
stops,stop_name,商業高校通り,en,Shogyo Koko Dori
stops,stop_name,八重田浄化センター前,ja-Hrkt,やえだじょうかせんたーまえ
stops,stop_name,八重田浄化センター前,en,Yaeda Jouka Center Mae
stops,stop_name,石江高間,ja-Hrkt,いしえたかま
stops,stop_name,石江高間,en,Ishietakama
stops,stop_name,石神,ja-Hrkt,いしがみ
stops,stop_name,石神,en,Ishigami
stops,stop_name,新青森駅西口通り,ja-Hrkt,しんあおもりえきにしぐちどおり
stops,stop_name,新青森駅西口通り,en,Shin Aomori Sta. Nishiguchi Dori
stops,stop_name,西大野,ja-Hrkt,にしおおの
stops,stop_name,西大野,en,Nishiono
stops,stop_name,大野中央公園前,ja-Hrkt,おおのちゅうおうこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,大野中央公園前,en,Ono Chuo Koen Mae
stops,stop_name,安田,ja-Hrkt,やすた
stops,stop_name,安田,en,yasuta
stops,stop_name,総合体育館前,ja-Hrkt,そうごうたいいくかんまえ
stops,stop_name,総合体育館前,en,Sogo Taiikukan Mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,A1青森駅（国道・古川線）,en,A1-Aomori Sta.(Kokudo・Furukawa Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C10古川→東部〈営〉（造道・八重田線）,en,C10-Furukawa→Tobu Eigyosho(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C10沢田橋→東部〈営〉（造道・八重田線）,en,C10-Sawada Bashi→Tobu Eigyosho(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C10東部〈営〉（造道・八重田線）,en,C10-Tobu Eigyosho(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C12古川→県立中央病院（造道・八重田線）,en,C12-Furukawa→Kenritsu Chuo Byoin(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C12県立中央病院（造道・八重田線）,en,C12-Kenritsu Chuo Byoin(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C10県病→東部〈営〉（造道・八重田線）,en,C10-Kenritsu Chuo Byoin→Tobu Eigyosho(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,孫内（孫内線）,en,Magonai(Magonai Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,B1青森駅（新町線）,en,B1-Aomori Sta.(Shinmachi Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C10新町→東部〈営〉（造道・八重田線）,en,C10-Shinmach→Tobu Eigyosho(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C12新町→県立中央病院（造道・八重田線）,en,C12-Shinmach→Kenritsu Chuo Byoin(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,M44中大野→野木（旭町通り線）,en,M44-Naka Ono→Nogi(Asahicho Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,M44野木（旭町通り線）,en,M44-Nogi(Asahicho Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,A1中大野→青森駅（国道・古川線）,en,A1-Naka Ono→Aomori Sta.(Kokudo・Furukawa Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,A1西バイパス→青森駅（国道・古川線）,en,A1-Nishi Bypass→Aomori Sta.(Kokudo・Furukawa Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,U50西部〈営〉（西バイパス線）,en,U50-Seibu Eigyosho(Nishi Bypass Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,T三内霊園（石江・新城線）,en,T-Sannai Reien(Ishie・Shinjo Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,M八甲田霊園（旭町通り線）,en,M-Hakkoda Reien(Asahicho Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,A1旭町→青森駅（国道・古川線）,en,A1-Asahicho→Aomori Sta.(Kokudo・Furukawa Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,月見野霊園（臨時便）,en,Tsukimino Reien
stop_times,stop_headsign,幸畑団地（臨時便）,en,Kobata Danchi
stop_times,stop_headsign,G23月見野霊園（明の星通り線）,en,G23-Tsukimino Reien(Akenohoshi Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,K32幸畑団地（観光通り線）,en,Ｊ32-Kobata Danchi(Kanko Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,J24田茂木沢（中筒井線）,en,J24-Tamogisawa(Naka Tsutsui Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,田茂木沢（田茂木沢線）,en,Tamogisawa(Tamogisawa Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,B1中筒井→青森駅（新町線）,en,B1-Naka Tsutsui→Aomori Sta.(Shinmachi Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,J24田茂木野（中筒井線）,en,J24-Tamogino(Naka Tsutsui Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C10中筒井→東部〈営〉（造道・八重田線）,en,C10-Naka Tsutsui→Tobu Eigyosho(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,J32幸畑団地（中筒井線）,en,Ｊ32-Kobata Danchi(Naka Tsutsui Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,R52つくしが丘病院（滝内・三内線）,en,R52-Tsukushigaoka Byoin(Takiuchi・Sannai Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,R52岩渡（滝内・三内線）,en,R52-Iwatari(Takiuchi・Sannai Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,岩渡（滝内・三内線）,en,Iwatari(Takiuchi・Sannai Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,A1観光通り→青森駅（国道・古川線）,en,A1-Kanko Dori→Aomori Sta.(Kokudo・Furukawa Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,駅西口（孫内線）,en,Aomori Station West Exit(Magonai Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,60しあわせプラザ（福祉増進センター）,en,60-Shiawase Plaza(Fukushi Zoshin Center)
stop_times,stop_headsign,H21戸山団地（松森・浜館線）,en,H21-Toyama Danchi(Matsumori・Hamadate Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,B1浜館→青森駅（新町線）,en,B1-Hamadate→Aomori Sta.(Shinmachi Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,G21戸山団地（明の星通り線）,en,G21-Toyama Danchi(Akenohoshi Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,B1明の星→青森駅（新町線）,en,B1-Akenohoshi→Aomori Sta.(Shinmachi Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,西部営業所（岡町線）,en,Seibu Eigyosho(Okamachi Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,駅西口（岡町線）,en,Aomori Sta.nishiguchi(Okamachi Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,J32横内環状→青森駅（中筒井線）,en,J32-Yokouchi Kanjo→Aomori Sta.(Naka Tsutsui Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,K32横内環状→青森駅（観光通り線）,en,K21-Yokouchi Kanjo→Aomori Sta.(Kanko Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,工業高校前,en,Kogyo Koko Mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,ガーラタウン→西部営業所（岡町線）,en,GALATOWN→Sibu Eigyosyo(Okamachi Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,J20桑原（中筒井線）,en,J20-Showa Daibutsu(Naka Tsutsui Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,J20昭和大仏（中筒井線）,en,J20-Showa Daibutsu(Naka Tsutsui Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,K31公立大学（観光通り線）,en,K31-Koritsu Daigaku(Kanko Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,M31公立大学（旭町通り線）,en,M31-Koritsu Daigaku(Asahicho Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,T50西部〈営〉（石江・新城線）,en,T50-Seibu Eigyosho(Ishie・Shinjo Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,K30モヤヒルズ（観光通り線）,en,K30-Moya Hills(Kanko Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,ガーラタウン→駅西口（岡町線）,en,GALATOWN→Aomori Sta.nishiguchi(Okamachi Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,M36スケート場（旭町通り線）,en,M36-Skate Jo(Asahicho Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,J38流通団地（中筒井線）,en,J38-Ryutsu Danchi(Naka Tsutsui Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,R三内霊園（滝内・三内線）,en,R-Sannai Reien(Takiuchi・Sannai Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C10幸畑→工業高校前（造道・八重田線）,en,C10-Kobata→Kogyo Koko Mae(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C10戸山→工業高校前（造道・八重田線）,en,C10-Toyama→Kogyo Koko Mae(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C10県病→工業高校前（造道・八重田線）,en,C10-Kenritsu Chuo Byoin→Kogyo Koko Mae(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C10工業高校前（造道・八重田線）,en,C10-Kogyo Koko Mae(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,M43朝日放送（旭町通り線）,en,M43-Asahi Hoso(Asahicho Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,K37問屋町（観光通り線）,en,K37-Tonyamachi(Kanko Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,K38流通団地（観光通り線）,en,K38-Ryutsu Danchi(Kanko Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,M38南部工業団地（旭町通り線）,en,M38-Nanbu Kogyo Danchi(Asahicho Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,K38南部工業団地（観光通り線）,en,K38-Nanbu Kogyo Danchi(Kanko Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,K34市民病院（観光通り線）,en,K34-Shimin Byoin(Kanko Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C10旭町→東部〈営〉（造道・八重田線）,en,C10-Asahicho→Tobu Eigyosho(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,三内丸山遺跡,en,Sannai Maruyama Iseki
stop_times,stop_headsign,青森駅西口,en,Aomori Station West Exit
stop_times,stop_headsign,新青森駅東口,en,Shin Aomori Sta. Higashiguchi
stop_times,stop_headsign,W53中央大橋→野木和団地（沖館・新田線）,en,W53-Chuo Ohashi→Nogiwa Danchi(Okidate・Nitta Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,W53野木和団地（沖館・新田線）,en,W53-Nogiwa Danchi(Okidate・Nitta Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C12中大野→県病（造道・八重田線）,en,C12-Naka Ono→Kenritsu Chuo Byoin(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,L30モヤヒルズ（中央大橋線）,en,L30-Moya Hills(Chuo Ohashi Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,P40慈恵会病院（浪館通り線）,en,P40-Jikeikai Byoin(Namidate Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,A1中央大橋→青森駅（国道・古川線）,en,A1-Chuo Ohashi→Aomori Sta.(Kokudo・Furukawa Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C10観光通り→東部〈営〉（造道・八重田線）,en,C10-Kanko Dori→Tobu Eigyosho(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,M30モヤヒルズ（旭町通り線）,en,M30-Moya Hills(Asahicho Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,K33学校教育センター（観光通り線）,en,K33-Gakko Kyoiku Center(Kanko Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C13築木館（造道・八重田線）,en,C13-Tsukinokidate(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,T52岩渡（石江・新城線）,en,T52-Iwatari(Ishie・Shinjo Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,岩渡（石江・新城線）,en,Iwatari(Ishie・Shinjo Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,T52つくしが丘病院（石江・新城線）,en,T52-Tsukushigaoka Byoin(Ishie・Shinjo Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,F10東部〈営〉（小柳線(岡造道経由)）,en,F10-Tobu Eigyosho(Koyanagi Line(Via Okatsukurimichi))
stop_times,stop_headsign,F10東部〈営〉（小柳線）,en,F10-Tobu Eigyosho(Koyanagi Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,A1小柳団地→青森駅（国道・古川線）,en,A1-Koyanagi Danchi→Aomori Sta.(Kokudo・Furukawa Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,A1岡造道→青森駅（国道・古川線）,en,A1-Okatsukurimichi→Aomori Sta.(Kokudo・Furukawa Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,新総合運動公園前（臨時便）,en,Shin Sogo Undo Koen Mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,S51三内丸山遺跡（県立美術館線）,en,S51-Sannai Maruyama Iseki(Kenritsu Bijutsukan Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,F12県立中央病院（小柳線(岡造道経由)）,en,F12-Kenritsu Chuo Byoin(Koyanagi Line(Via Okatsukurimichi))
stop_times,stop_headsign,F12県立中央病院（小柳線）,en,F12-Kenritsu Chuo Byoin(Koyanagi Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,L43朝日放送（中央大橋線）,en,L43-Asahi Hoso(Chuo Ohashi Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,T50中央大橋→西部〈営〉（石江・新城線）,en,T50-Chuo Ohashi→Seibu Eigyosho(Ishie・Shinjo Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,K43朝日放送（観光通り線）,en,K43-Asahi Hoso(Kanko Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,G22商業高校（明の星通り線）,en,G22-Shogyo Koko(Akenohoshi Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,F10東部〈営〉（小柳線(桜川経由)）,en,F10-Tobu Eigyosho(Koyanagi Line(Via Sakuragawa))
stop_times,stop_headsign,A1桜川→青森駅（国道・古川線）,en,A1-Sakuragawa→Aomori Sta.(Kokudo・Furukawa Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,A1西滝→青森駅（国道・古川線）,en,A1-Nishitaki→Aomori Sta.(Kokudo・Furukawa Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,F12県立中央病院（小柳線(桜川経由)）,en,F12-Kenritsu Chuo Byoin(Koyanagi Line(Via Sakuragawa))
stop_times,stop_headsign,東部営業所（臨時便）,en,Tobu Eigyosho
stop_times,stop_headsign,P51三内丸山遺跡（浪館通り線）,en,P51-Sannai Maruyama Iseki(Namidate Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,A1浪館→青森駅（国道・古川線）,en,A1-Namidate→Aomori Sta.(Kokudo・Furukawa Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,A1明の星→青森駅（国道・古川線）,en,A1-Akenohoshi→Aomori Sta.(Kokudo・Furukawa Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,G21沢山（明の星通り線）,en,G21-Sawayama(Akenohoshi Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,沢山（沢山線）,en,Sawayama(Sawayama Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C10浪館→東部〈営〉（造道・八重田線）,en,C10-Namidate→Tobu Eigyosho(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C10浪館→工業高校前（造道・八重田線）,en,C10-Namidate→Kogyo Koko Mae(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C10中大野→東部〈営〉（造道・八重田線）,en,C10-Naka Ono→Tobu Eigyosho(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,G38流通団地（明の星通り線）,en,G38-Ryutsu Danchi(Akenohoshi Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,M42南高校（旭町通り線）,en,M42-Minami Koko(Asahicho Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,P41細越（浪館通り線）,en,P41-Hosogoe(Namidate Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C10西バイパス→東部〈営〉（造道・八重田線）,en,C10-Nishi Bypass→Tobu Eigyosho(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C12西バイパス→県病（造道・八重田線）,en,C12-Nishi Bypass→Kenritsu Chuo Byoin(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,W54後潟（沖館・新田線）,en,W54-Ushirogata(Okidate・Nitta Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C11浅虫温泉駅（造道・八重田線）,en,C11-Asamushi Onsen Sta.(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,11浅虫温泉駅（久栗坂）,en,C11-Asamushi Onsen Sta.(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,C11浅虫水族館（造道・八重田線）,en,C11-Asamushi Suizokukan(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,浅虫水族館（造道・八重田線）,en,Asamushi Suizokukan(Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,A1東バイパス→青森駅（国道・古川線）,en,A1-Higashi Bypass→Aomori Sta.(Kokudo・Furukawa Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,E10東部〈営〉（東バイパス線）,en,E10-Tobu Eigyosho(Higashi Bypass Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,T50東バイパス→西部〈営〉（石江・新城線）,en,T50-Higashi Bypass→Seibu Eigyosho(Ishie・Shinjo Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,U5新青森駅東口（西バイパス線）,en,U5-Shin Aomori Sta. Higashiguchi(Nishi Bypass Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,M35浜田循環→青森駅（旭町通り線）,en,M35-Hamada Junkan→Aomori Sta.(Asahicho Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,B1浜田循環→青森駅（新町線）,en,B1-Hamada Junkan→Aomori Sta.(Shinmachi Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,K35浜田循環→青森駅（観光通り線）,en,K35-Hamada Junkan→Aomori Sta.(Kanko Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,A1浜田循環→青森駅（国道・古川線）,en,A1-Hamada Junkan→Aomori Sta.(Kokudo・Furukawa Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,P35浪館中央循環→青森駅（浪館通り線）,en,P35-Namidate Chuo Junkan→Aomori Sta.(Namidate Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,A1浪館中央循環→青森駅（国道・古川線）,en,A1-Namidate Chuo Junkan→Aomori Sta.(Kokudo・Furukawa Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,K35浪館中央循環→青森駅（観光通り線）,en,K35-Namidate Chuo Junkan→Aomori Sta.(Kanko Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,L21戸山団地（中央大橋線）,en,L21-Toyama Danchi(Chuo Ohashi Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,L31公立大学（中央大橋線）,en,L31-Koritsu Daigaku(Chuo Ohashi Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,M大野循環→青森駅（旭町通り線）,en,M-Ono Junkan→Aomori Sta.(Asahicho Dori Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,L大野循環→青森駅（中央大橋線）,en,L-Ono Junkan→Aomori Sta.(Chuo Ohashi Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,青森駅（青柳橋）,en,Aomori Sta.(Aoyagi Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,県立中央病院（青柳線）,en,Kenritsu Chuo Byoin(Aoyagi Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,青森駅（矢田・滝沢線）,en,Aomori Sta.(Yada・Takisawa Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,上滝沢（矢田・滝沢線）,en,Kami Takisawa(Yada・Takisawa Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,県立中央病院（矢田・滝沢線）,en,Kenritsu Chuo Byoin(Yada・Takisawa Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,東部営業所（矢田・滝沢線）,en,Tobu Eigyosho(Yada・Takisawa Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,油川中学校通り（岡町線）,en,Aburakawa Chugakko Dori(Okamachi Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,中央大橋→古川（高田線）,en,Chuo Ohashi→Furukawa(Takada Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川（高田線）,en,Furukawa(Takada Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,Ito Yokado(Takada Line),en,Ito Yokado(Takada Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,旭町→青森駅（高田線）,en,Asahicho→Aomori Sta. (Takada Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,青森駅（高田線）,en,Aomori Sta. (Takada Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,イトーヨーカドー（高田線）,en,Ito Yokado(Takada Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,荒川バイパス→高田中前（高田線）,en,Arakawa Bypass→Takada chugakko Mae(Takada Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,高田中前（高田線）,en,Takada Chugakko Mae(Takada Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,荒川十文字→高田中前（高田線）,en,Arakawa Jumonji→Takada Chugakko Mae(Takada Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,旭町→高田中前（高田線）,en,Asahicho→Tkada chugakko Mae(Takada Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,中央大橋→古川（入内線）,en,Chuo Ohashi→Furukawa(Nyunai Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川（入内線）,en,Furukawa(Nyunai Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,旭町→古川（入内線）,en,Asahicyo→Furukawa(Nyunai Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,荒川十文字→入内（入内線）,en,Arakawa Jumonji→Nyunai(Nyunai Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,入内（入内線）,en,Nyunai(Nyunai Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,中央大橋→古川（大柳辺線）,en,Chuo Ohashi→Furukawa(Oyanabe Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川（大柳辺線）,en,Furukawa(Oyanabe Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,旭町→古川（大柳辺線）,en,Asahicho→Furukawa(Oyanabe Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,荒川バイパス→大柳辺入口（大柳辺線）,en,Arakawa Bypass→Oyanabe Iriguchi(Oyanabe Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,大柳辺入口（大柳辺線）,en,Oyanabe Iriguchi(Oyanabe Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,中央大橋→古川（青い森病院線）,en,Chuo Ohashi→Furukawa(Aoimori Byoin Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,古川（青い森病院線）,en,Furukawa(Aoimori Byoin Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,八ツ役→太陽台団地前（青い森病院線）,en,Yatsuyaku→Taiyodai Danchi Mae(Aoimori Byoin line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,太陽台団地前（青い森病院線）,en,Taiyodai Danchi Mae(Aoimori Byoin Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,荒川バイパス→太陽台団地前（青い森病院線）,en,Arakawa Bypass→Taiyodai Danchi Mae(Aoimori Byoin Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,旭町→青森駅（浪岡線（空港経由））,en,Asahisho→Aomori Sta.(Namioka Line (via Airport))
stop_times,stop_headsign,旭町→青森駅（浪岡線）,en,Asahisho→Aomori Sta.(Namioka Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,青森駅（浪岡線）,en,Aomori Sta.(Namioka Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,荒川バイパス→浪岡駅前（浪岡線（空港経由））,en,Arakawa Bypass→Namioka Eki Mae(Namioka Line (via Airport))
stop_times,stop_headsign,浪岡駅前（浪岡線（空港経由））,en,Namioka Eki Mae(Namioka Line (via Airport))
stop_times,stop_headsign,浪岡駅前（浪岡線）,en,Namioka Eki Mae(Namioka Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,青森駅（浪岡線（大釈迦経由））,en,Aomori Sta.(Nmioka Line(via Daisyaka))
stop_times,stop_headsign,道の駅なみおか（浪岡線（大釈迦経由））,en,Michi no eki Namioka(Namioka Line(via Daisyaka))
stop_times,stop_headsign,道の駅なみおか（浪岡線）,en,Michi no eki Namioka(Namioka Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,青森病院→道の駅なみおか（浪岡線（大釈迦経由））,en,Aomori Byoin → Michi no eki Namioka(Namioka Line(via Daisyaka))
stop_times,stop_headsign,青森病院→道の駅なみおか（浪岡線）,en,Aomori Byoin → Michi no eki Namioka(Namioka Line)
stop_times,stop_headsign,1駅西口（西口駅前広場）,en,1-Aomori Sta.nishiguchi(Nishiguｃhiekimaehiroba)
stop_times,stop_headsign,T5新青森駅南口（石江・新城線）,en,T5-Shin Aomori Sta. Minamiguchi(Ishie・Shinjo Line)
routes,route_short_name,A1 国道・古川線,en,A1 Kokudo・Furukawa Line
routes,route_short_name,C10 造道・八重田線,en,C10 Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line
routes,route_short_name,C12 造道・八重田線,en,C12 Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line
routes,route_short_name,孫内線,en,Magonai Line
routes,route_short_name,B1 新町線,en,B1 Shinmachi Line
routes,route_short_name,M44 旭町通り線,en,M44 Asahicho Dori Line
routes,route_short_name,U50 西バイパス線,en,U50 Nishi Bypass Line
routes,route_short_name,臨時便,en,an extra bus
routes,route_short_name,K32 観光通り線,en,K32 Kanko Dori Line
routes,route_short_name,J24 中筒井線,en,J24 Naka Tsutsui Line
routes,route_short_name,J32 中筒井線,en,J32 Naka Tsutsui Line
routes,route_short_name,R52 滝内・三内線,en,R52 Takiuchi・Sannai Line
routes,route_short_name,60 福祉増進センター,en,60 Fukushi Zoshin Center
routes,route_short_name,H21 松森・浜館線,en,H21 Matsumori・Hamadate Line
routes,route_short_name,G21 明の星通り線,en,G21 Akenohoshi Dori Line
routes,route_short_name,岡町線,en,Okamachi Line
routes,route_short_name,横内環状線,en,Yokouchi Kanjo Line
routes,route_short_name,J20 中筒井線,en,J20 Naka Tsutsui Line
routes,route_short_name,K31 観光通り線,en,K31 Kanko Dori Line
routes,route_short_name,M31 旭町通り線,en,M31 Asahicho Dori Line
routes,route_short_name,T50 石江・新城線,en,T50 Ishie・Shinjo Line
routes,route_short_name,K30 観光通り線,en,K30 Kanko Dori Line
routes,route_short_name,M36 旭町通り線,en,M36 Asahicho Dori Line
routes,route_short_name,J38 中筒井線,en,J38 Naka Tsutsui Line
routes,route_short_name,M43 旭町通り線,en,M43 Asahicho Dori Line
routes,route_short_name,K37 観光通り線,en,K37 Kanko Dori Line
routes,route_short_name,K38 観光通り線,en,K38 Kanko Dori Line
routes,route_short_name,M38 旭町通り線,en,M38 Asahicho Dori Line
routes,route_short_name,K34 観光通り線,en,K34 Kanko Dori Line
routes,route_short_name,ねぶたん,en,nebutan
routes,route_short_name,W53 沖館・新田線,en,W53 Okidate・Nitta Line
routes,route_short_name,L31 中央大橋線,en,L31 Chuo Ohashi Line
routes,route_short_name,P40 浪館通り線,en,P40 Namidate Dori Line
routes,route_short_name,K33 観光通り線,en,K33 Kanko Dori Line
routes,route_short_name,C13 造道・八重田線,en,C13 Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line
routes,route_short_name,T52 石江・新城線,en,T52 Ishie・Shinjo Line
routes,route_short_name,F10 小柳線,en,F10 Koyanagi Line
routes,route_short_name,S51 県立美術館線,en,S51 Kenritsu Bijutsukan Line
routes,route_short_name,F12 小柳線,en,F12 Koyanagi Line
routes,route_short_name,L43 中央大橋線,en,L43 Chuo Ohashi Line
routes,route_short_name,K43 観光通り線,en,K43 Kanko Dori Line
routes,route_short_name,G22 明の星通り線,en,G22 Akenohoshi Dori Line
routes,route_short_name,P51 浪館通り線,en,P51 Namidate Dori Line
routes,route_short_name,G38 明の星通り線,en,G38 Akenohoshi Dori Line
routes,route_short_name,M42 旭町通り線,en,M42 Asahicho Dori Line
routes,route_short_name,P41 浪館通り線,en,P41 Namidate Dori Line
routes,route_short_name,W54 沖館・新田線,en,W54 Okidate・Nitta Line
routes,route_short_name,C11 造道・八重田線,en,C11 Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line
routes,route_short_name,G23 明の星通り線,en,G23 Akenohoshi Dori Line
routes,route_short_name,E10 東バイパス線,en,E10 Higashi baipasu Line
routes,route_short_name,U5 西バイパス線,en,U5 Nishi Bypass Line
routes,route_short_name,浜田循環,en,Hamada Junkan
routes,route_short_name,浪館中央循環,en,Namidate Chuo Junkan
routes,route_short_name,L21 中央大橋線,en,L21 Chuo Ohashi Line
routes,route_short_name,大野循環,en,Ono Junkan
routes,route_short_name,青柳線,en,Aoyagi Line
routes,route_short_name,矢田・滝沢線,en,Yada・Takisawa Line
routes,route_short_name,高田線,en,Takada Line
routes,route_short_name,入内線,en,Nyunai Line
routes,route_short_name,大柳辺線,en,Oyanabe Line
routes,route_short_name,青い森病院線,en,Aoimori Byoin Line
routes,route_short_name,浪岡線,en,Namioka Line
routes,route_short_name,W53 沖舘・新田線,en,W53 Okidate・Nitta Line
routes,route_short_name,60 福祉増進センタ,en,60 Fukushi Zoshin Center
routes,route_short_name,W54 沖舘・新田線,en,W54 Okidate・Nitta Line
routes,route_short_name,A1 造道・八重田線,en,A1 Tsukurimichi・Yaeda Line
routes,route_short_name,T5 石江・新城線,en,T5 Ishie・Shinjo Line
